Lady (to her doctor): "What l am worried about is my height and not my weight."  Doctor: "How come?"  Lady: "According to my weight, my height should be 7 feet, 8 inches."
Teacher: Whoever answers my next question, can go home.  One boy throws his bag out the window.  Teacher: Who just threw that?  Boy: Me, and now I’m going home.
Two shepherds lean on their crooks at the end of a long day and the first asks the second, "So, how's it going?"   The second one sighed and shook his head, "Not good, I can't pay my bills, my health isn't good, my kids don't respect me, and my wife is leaving me."   The first replied, "Well, don't lose any sheep over it."
A company owner was asked a question, "How do you motivate your employees to be so punctual?"  He smiled & replied, "It's simple. I have 30 employees and 29 free parking spaces. One is paid parking."
While at the dinosaur exhibit in Disney’s Animal Kingdom park, I overheard a confused woman complaining to her friend.  She said, "How could they possibly know the names of all those dinosaurs if they died 75 million years ago? And another thing, how do we even know they were called dinosaurs?"  
Due to a job transfer, Brian moved from his hometown to New York City.  Being that he had a very comprehensive health history, he brought along all of his medical paperwork when it came time for his first check up with his new doctor. The doctor kept glancing at Brian as he reviewed the medical paperwork.  After browsing through the extensive medical history, the doctor stared at Brian for a few moments and said, ” Well there’s one thing I can say for certain, you sure look better in person than you do on paper!”
A proud and confident genius makes a bet with an idiot.  The genius says, "Hey idiot, every question I ask you that you don't know the answer, you have to give me $5. And if you ask me a question and I can't answer yours, I will give you $5,000."   The idiot replies, "Okay." The genius then asks, "How many continents are there in the world?" The idiot doesn't know and hands over the $5. The idiot says, "Now my turn, what animal stands with two legs but sleeps with three?"   The genius tries and searches very hard for the answer but gives up and hands over the $5000. The genius says, "Dang it, I lost. By the way, what was the answer to your question?"   The idiot hands over $5.
My older son loves school, but his younger brother absolutely hates it. One weekend he cried and fretted and tried every excuse not to go back on Monday. Sunday morning on the way home from church, the crying and whining built to a crescendo.   At the end of my rope, I finally stopped the car and explained, "Honey, it’s a law. If you don’t go to school, they’ll put Mommy in jail."  He looked at me, thought a moment, then asked, "How long would you have to stay?"
My daughter had absentmindedly left her sneakers on our kitchen table. "That’s disgusting," my husband grumbled. "Doesn’t she realize we eat off that table?"   Then he went out back to work on the car. I cleaned the table and left to do my grocery shopping.   When I came home I couldn’t set my bags down anywhere. Sitting in the middle of the kitchen table was a car muffler.
To make his class interesting, an English language teacher asked a grade 3 student to challenge him in an English test. The student wrote this word on the classroom board, SIDANDTED, and asked his teacher to explain its meaning.   The teacher looked at the word for some time and even searched for its meaning in the dictionary. After several minutes of his research, he gave up and asked his student to explain the meaning.   The student simply said, “They are my friends, Sid and Ted.” 
I am a first-grade teacher and a new empty nester. One night I was trying out an art project: making a person with simple materials.  I took a coat hanger, attached a paper-plate face, put a shirt on the hanger and stuffed it. Then I sat it on the couch to see how it looked.  Later that evening my son walked in the door, home for a surprise visit. Taking one look at my coat-hanger friend sitting on the couch, he said, "Mom, it’s not that bad, is it?"
A local charity had never received a donation from the town’s banker, so the director made a phone call. “Our records show you make $500,000 a year, yet you haven’t given a penny to charity,” the director began. “Wouldn’t you like to help the community?”  The banker replied, “Did your research show that my mother is ill, with extremely expensive medical bills?”  “Um, no,” mumbled the director.  “Or that my brother is unemployed? Or that my sister’s husband left, leaving her broke with four kids?”  “I … I … I had no idea.”  “So,” said the banker, “if I don’t give them any money, why would I give any to you?”
My cooking has always been the target of family jokes. One evening, as I prepared dinner a bit too quickly, the kitchen filled with smoke and the smoke detector went off. Although both of my children had received fire-safety training at school, they did not respond to the alarm.   Annoyed, I stormed through the house in search of them. I found them in the bathroom, washing their hands. Over the loud buzzing of the smoke alarm, I asked them to identify the sound.  "It’s the smoke detector," they replied in unison.  "Do you know what that sound means?" I demanded.  "Sure," my oldest replied. "Dinner’s ready."
An item for sale on craigslist....  "Antique sewing table refinished by my wife, $30. (If she’s home, $100.)"
our wedding photos when he asked, “Have you ever modeled?”  My cheeks instantly turned red. “No, I haven’t,” I said. “But I always thought …”  The photographer interrupted me, “I meant him.”
My wife and her friend Karen were talking about their labor-saving devices as they pulled into our driveway. Karen said, “I love my new garage-door opener.”  “I love mine too,” my wife replied, and honked the horn three times. That was the signal for me to come out and open the garage.
A rancher was minding his own business when an FBI agent came up up to him and said, "We got a tip that you may be growing illegal drugs on the premises. Do you mind if I take a look around?"  The old rancher replied, "That's fine, you shouldn't go over there though." As he pointed at one of his fields.  The FBI agent snapped at him, "I'm am a federal agent! I can go wherever I want!" With that he pulled out his badge and shoved it into the ranchers face.  The rancher shrugged this off and continued with his daily chores. About 15 minutes later he heard a loud scream from the field he had pointed out earlier. All of a sudden he could see the FBI agent sprinting towards him with a large bull on his heels.  The rancher rushed to the fence and yelled, "Your badge! Show your badge to the bull!"
A couple of hours into a visit with my mother she noticed I hadn’t lit up a cigarette once. “Are you trying to kick the habit?”  “No,” I replied. “I’ve got a cold and I don’t smoke when I’m not feeling well.”  “You know,” she observed, “you’d probably live longer if you were sick more often.”
As I picked out flowers for my mother, I noticed a man next to me juggling three boxes of candy and a large bouquet.  "What did you do wrong?" I said with a laugh.  He mumbled back, "I got married."
In good weather, my friend Mark always let his yellow-naped Amazon parrot, Nicky, sit on the balcony of his tenth-floor apartment. One morning, Nicky flew away, much to Mark’s dismay. He searched and called for the bird, with no luck.  The next day when Mark returned from work, the phone rang. “Is this Mark?” The caller asked. “You’re going to think this is crazy, but there’s a bird outside on my balcony saying, ‘Hello, this is Mark.’ Then it recites this phone number and says, ‘I can’t come to the phone right now, but if you will leave a message at the tone, I will call you back.’ So I'm guessing this is your bird?”  
When we finished a personality assessment at work, I asked my friend Dan if he would share the results with his wife.   "That would require me to go home and say, ‘Hi, honey. I just paid someone $400 to tell me what’s wrong with me,’" he said.  "What's wrong with that?" I asked.   "Well, based on that, and considering we’ve been married 23 years, she’d probably hand me a bill for $798,000."
A man was invited to a wedding. When he reached the hotel, he found two doors written on them... 1.Bride relatives 2.groom relatives  He entered the groom door and found two doors again. 1. Ladies  2. Men   He entered men door and found two doors again. 1.People with gifts 2.People without gifts   He entered the second door (people without gifts )... He found himself outside the hotel.
Five-year-old Matt, worked with a speech therapist on the 'ch' sound, which came out sounding like a 'k' sound. The therapist asked him to say chicken. His response sounded more like kitchen.   They tried again and again, but it always came out kitchen. Undeterred, she pushed him for one more try.   Matt sighed and said, “Why don’t we just call it a duck?”
My mother, a meticulous housekeeper, often lectured my father about tracking dirt into the house. One day he came in to find her furiously scrubbing away at a spot on the floor and launching into a lecture.   "I don’t know what you’ve brought in," she said, "but I can’t seem to get this out."  He studied the situation for a moment and, without a word, moved a figurine on the window-sill where the sun was streaming in. The spot immediately disappeared.
My grandmother told me how she ended up marrying Grandpa. She was in her 20's, and the man she was dating left for war. "We were in love," she recalled, "and wrote to each other every week. It was during that time that I discovered how wonderful your grandfather was."  "Did you marry Grandpa when he came home from the war?" I asked.  "Oh, I didn’t marry the man who wrote the letters. Your grandfather was the mailman."
Poodle: “My life is a mess. My owner is mean, my girlfriend is leaving me for a German shepherd, and I’m as nervous as a cat.”  Collie: “Why don’t you go see a psychiatrist?”  Poodle: “I can’t. I’m not allowed on the couch.”
A conference call is the best way for a dozen people to say “bye” 300 times.
A psychiatrist met an old patient and exclaimed, "I heard you died."  "But you see I'm alive," smiled the ex-patient.  "Impossible," said the psychiatrist. "I was told you'd died by a colleague who's had 22 peer-reviewed papers published, so his opinion's bound to be much more reliable than yours."
The teacher was describing the dolphin and its habits.  "And, children, "she said impressively, "a single dolphin will have two thousand offspring."  "Goodness!" gasped a little girl in the back row. "And how about married ones?"
Mr. Sharma:   ”When I die, love, I want to be cremated.”  Mrs. Sharma:   ”That is a good idea, dear. The gold in your teeth ought to pay all the expenses.”
My sister decided to go on a diet, and that first evening she phoned me. I could tell her mouth was full, so I asked her what she was eating.  “A cupcake,” she mumbled. “I just got on the scale, and it read 149 1/2 pounds. I decided that was no place to start a diet, so I’m rounding it off to 150.”
Once upon a time there was a shepherd looking after his sheep on the side of a deserted road. Suddenly a brand new Porsche screeches to a halt. The driver, a man dressed in an Armani suit, Cerutti shoes, Ray-Ban sunglasses, TAG-Heuer wrist watch, and a Pierre Cardin tie gets out and asks the shepherd, "If I can tell you how many sheep you have, will you give me one of them?"   The shepherd looks at the young man, then looks at the large flock of grazing sheep and replies, "Okay."  The young man parks the car, connects his laptop to the mobile-fax, enters a NASA Website, scans the ground using his GPS, opens a database and 60 Excel tables filled with algorithms and pivot tables. He then prints out a 150-page report on his high-tech mini-printer, turns to the shepherd and says, ‘'You have exactly 1,586 sheep."   The shepherd cheers,  "That's correct, you can have your choicest sheep from the herd."   The young man takes one of the animals which he likes most and cute  from the flock and puts it in the back of his Porsche. The shepherd looks at him and asks, "If I guess your profession, will you return my animal to me?"   The young man laughed and  answers, "Yes, why not?"   The shepherd says, "You are an auditor."  "How did you know?" asks the young man.   "Very simple," answers the shepherd.  " First, you came here without being wanted. Secondly, you charged me a fee to tell me something I already knew. Thirdly, you don't understand anything about my business... now can I have my DOG back?"
There are women whose thoughtful husbands buy them flowers for no reason. And then there’s me. One day I couldn’t stand it any longer. "Why don’t you ever bring me flowers?" I asked.  "What’s the point?" my husband said. "They die after about a week."  "So could you," I shot back, "but I still like having you around."
My wife and I were comparing notes the other day. "I have a higher IQ, did better on my SAT's, and make more money than you," she pointed out.  "Yeah, but when you step back and look at the big picture, I’m still ahead," I said.  She looked mystified. "How do you figure?"  "I married better," I replied.
Just before Easter, I remarked to my husband that with the children grown and away from home, this was the first year that we hadn’t dyed eggs and had an Easter-egg hunt.  “That’s all right, honey,” he said. “We can just hide each other’s vitamin pills.”
Jake came rushing in to see his Dad. "Dad!" he puffed, "Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away?"  "That's what they say," said his Dad.   "Well, give me an apple quick! I've just broken the doctor's window!" 
The devout cowboy lost his favorite Bible while he was mending fences out on the range. Three weeks later, a sheep walked up to him carrying the Bible in its mouth. The cowboy couldn't believe his eyes.  He took the precious book out of the sheep's mouth, raised his eyes heavenward and exclaimed, "It's a miracle!"   "Not really," said the sheep. "Your name is written inside the cover."  
When a squirrel slipped into my house, I did the logical thing: I panicked and called my father.  "How do you get a squirrel out of a basement?" I shrieked.  Dad advised me to leave a trail of peanut butter and crackers from the basement to the outside. It worked—the squirrel ate his way out of the house. Unfortunately, he passed another squirrel eating his way in.
When my friend got a job, her husband agreed to share the housework. He was stunned by the amount of effort involved in keeping a house clean with small boys to pick up after, and insisted that he and his wife shop for a new vacuum cleaner.  The salesman gave them a demonstration of the latest model. “It comes equipped with all the newest features,” he assured them.  The husband was not convinced. “Don’t you have a riding one?” he asked.
A first-grader came to the ophthalmology office where I work to have his vision checked. He sat down and I turned off the lights.   Then I switched on a projector that flashed the letters F, Z and B on a screen. I asked the boy what he saw.  Without hesitation he replied, "Consonants."
 A farmer and his wife got into a huge fight after which the wife stormed off. The farmer says, "Where did you leave the tractor?"   The wife replies, "In the Mill field."  But there's no way into the Mill field!"  "There is now."
I phoned a local restaurant to ask if it was on the north or south side of the Main Street.   The person on the other end answered, “That depends on which direction you’re coming from.”
When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet...   I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.  
A psychotherapist returned from a conference in the Rocky mountains, where the delegates spent more time on the icy ski slopes than attending lectures and seminars.  When she got back, her husband asked her, "So, how did it go?"  "Fine," she replied, "but I've never seen so many Freudians slip."
When a new dentist set up in town he quickly acquired a reputation of being the 'Painless' dentist. However, a local little girl called Veronica disputed his claim.  "He's a fake!" Veronica told her friends. "He's not painless at all.  When he stuck his finger in my mouth, I bit him, and he screamed like anyone else!"  
When our client’s dog lapped up anti-freeze, the veterinarian I work for ordered a unique treatment... an IV drip mixing fluids with vodka. “Go buy the cheapest bottle you can find,” he told me.  At the liquor store, I was uneasy buying cheap booze so early in the day, and I felt compelled to explain things to the clerk.  “Believe it or not,” I said, “this is for a sick dog.”  As I was leaving, the next customer plunked down two bottles of muscatel and announced, “These are for my cats.”
Employee: "Sir, what is the secret of your success?" Manager: "Two words."  Employee: "And, Sir, what are they?" Manager: "Right decisions."  Employee: "And how do you make right decisions?" Manager: "One word."  Employee: "And, What is that?" Manager: "Experience."  Employee: "And how do you get Experience?" Manager: "Two words."  Employee: "And, Sir, what are they?" Manager: "Wrong decisions."
While I was out to lunch, my coworker answered my phone and told the caller that I would be back in 20 minutes.  The woman asked, “Is that 20 minutes Central Standard Time?”
An elderly lady and an orthopedic surgeon were travelling in an elevator together. The doors started to shut as the lady was trying to get out of the doors. The surgeon kindly put his head in between the doors so the lady could get out.   "Thank you very much," said the lady, "but why did you use your head?"   "I used my head because I need my hands for work," said the surgeon, grinning proudly.
My young son ran to me, crying. “Daddy, I stubbed my toe,” he sobbed.  “Let me kiss it and make it better,” I said. “Which toe was it?”  “The one that has no roast beef.”
Two ducks are in a pond. One went "Quack quack!" and the other duck said, "That's funny, I was just about to say that!"   
In a Psychiatric Hospital, a Journalist asks the Doctor: "How do you determine whether to admit a person as a patient or not?  Dr:  Well ... we'd fill a bathtub with water and then give a teaspoon, a glass and a bucket to the patient and ask them to empty the bathtub.  Journalist: Oh, obviously a normal person would use the bucket because its bigger.  Dr: No, a normal person would pull the drain plug! Please go to bed #39. We will soon start further investigations on you.
While I was making a huge batch of snicker doodle cookies, I asked my ten-year-old to read the recipe and ingredients off the box to me, doubling them as he went along.   He did as he was told. His first instruction: "Preheat the oven to 700 degrees."
Two campers are hiking in the woods when one is bitten on the rear end by a rattlesnake. “I’ll go into town for a doctor,” the other says. He runs ten miles to a small town and finds the only doctor delivering a baby.  “I can’t leave,” the doctor says. “But here’s what to do. Take a knife, cut a little X where the bite is, suck out the poison and spit it on the ground.”  The guy runs back to his friend, who is in agony. “What did the doctor say?” the victim cries.  “He says you’re gonna die.”
A Mom visits her son for dinner who lives with a girl roommate.  During the course of the meal, his mother couldn't help but notice how pretty his roommate was. She had long been suspicious of a relationship between the two, and this had only made her more curious. Over the course of the evening, while watching the two interact, she started to wonder if there was more between him and his roommate than met the eye.  Reading his mom's thoughts, the son volunteered, "I know what you must be thinking, but I assure you, we are just roommates."  About a week later, his roommate came to him saying, "Ever since your mother came to dinner, I've been unable to find the silver plate. You don't suppose she took it, do you?"  He said ,"Well, I doubt it, but I'll email her, just to be sure."  He sat down and wrote :  Dear Mother: I'm not saying that you 'did' take the silver plate from my house, I'm not saying that you 'did not' take the silver plate .. But the fact remains that it has been missing ever since you were here for dinner. Love,  Your son  Several days later, he received an email from his Mother which read:  Dear Son: I'm not saying that you DO sleep with your roommate, and I'm not saying that you DO NOT sleep with her. But the fact remains that if she was sleeping in her OWN bed, she would have found the silver plate by now, under the pillow… Love,  Mom 
My sister explained to my nephew how his voice would eventually change as he grew up.   Tyler was exuberant at the prospect.   "Cool!" he said. "I hope I get a German accent."
An engineer was removing the engine parts from a motorcycle when he saw a famous heart surgeon in his shop. He went to him and said, "Look at this engine... I opened its heart, took the valves out, repaired them and put them back, so why do I get such a small salary and you get huge sums?"   The doctor smiled at the engineer and came close to his ear and said, "Try the same when the engine is running."  The engineer smiled back came close to doctors ear and said, "I can take any dead engine and make it alive again, can you?"
I was in small-claims court when I listened in on the case of a woman who held a good job but still had trouble paying her bills on time.  “Can’t you live within your income?” asked the judge.  “No, Your Honor,” she said. “It’s all I can do to live within my credit!”
Driving back from Vermont, I stopped at a vegetable stand. It was deserted except for a sleeping German shepherd.   I stepped over the dog, helped myself to some corn, then opened the cash box to pay.   Taped to the inside of the lid was this note: "The dog can count."
I was cleaning a hotel room when the previous occupant came in, looking for her husband’s keys.  We searched high and low without luck. I finally peeked underneath the bed closest to the wall.  "Don’t bother—that was my bed," she said. "He wouldn’t have gone anywhere near it."
An old farmer is inconsolable after his dog goes missing. He takes out an ad in the newspaper, but two weeks later, there’s still no sign of the mutt.   “What did you write in the ad?” his wife asks.  "Here, boy,” he replies.
Teacher:  What's 5 plus 3?  Student:  Um... I don't know?  Teacher:  You silly boy, it is 8.  Student: Wait... yesterday you said that 4 and 4 was 8?!?!
Being a teenager and getting a tattoo seem to go hand and hand these days. I wasn’t surprised when one of my daughter’s friends showed me a delicate little Japanese symbol on her hip. "Please don’t tell my parents," she begged.  "I won’t," I promised. "You're 18 now, so I guess it's your choice. By the way, what does that stand for?"  "Honesty," she said.
My elderly mother was rushed to the hospital following a serious tumble. There the staff placed a band around her wrist with large letters warning: Fall Risk.  Unimpressed, Mom said to me, “I’ll have them know I’m a winter, spring, and summer risk too!”  
Man:  What, according to you, is Philosophy?  Friend:  Philosophy are the ideas that act as guides for the best ways to live.   Man:  So do you follow them?  Friend:  No. I want everyone else to follow. 
Customer: “I can’t seem to connect to the Internet.” Tech Support: “All right. What operating system are you running?” Customer: “Netscape.”  Tech Support: “No, what version of Windows are you using?” Customer: “Uhhh…Hewlett Packard?”  Tech Support: “No, right click on ‘My Computer’ and select properties on the menu.” Customer: “Your computer? It’s my computer!”
I love making clothes for my five-year-old granddaughter. And she, in turn, always seems happy to accept them. The other day, I asked if she would like me to make her a skirt.  "Yes," she said. "But this time, could you make it look like it came from a store?"
A U.S. Navy destroyer stops four Mexicans in a row boat rowing towards California. The captain gets on the loud-hailer and shouts, "Ahoy, small craft. Where are you headed?"  One of the Mexicans puts down his oar, stands up, and replies, "We are invading the United States of America to reclaim the territory taken by the USA during the 1800s."  The entire crew of the destroyer doubled-over in laughter. When the captain was finally able to catch his breath, he gets back on the loud-hailer and asks, "Just the four of you?"  The same Mexican stands up again and shouts, "No, we're the last four. The rest are already there!"
Doctor: You're in good health. You'll live to be 80.   Patient: But, doctor, I am 80 right now.   Doctor: See, what did I tell you.
My friend has a bad habit of overdrawing her bank account.   One day before we went shopping, I complained about my lack of funds and lamented, “Guess I’ll use plastic.”  Unconcerned, she whipped out her checkbook, “That's okay, I’m using rubber.”
My teenage patient’s mother was concerned. “He must have a temperature,” she said. “He hasn’t taken our motorcycle out all day.”  “Let me ask you,” I said. “Do you have a thermometer?”  “No,” she said. “A Kawasaki.”
Doctor: We need to get these people to a hospital!  Nurse: What is it?  Doctor: It's a big building with a lot of doctors, but that's not important now!
It seemed that all our appliances had broken in the same week, and repairs were straining our budget. So when I picked up the kids from school and our Jeep started making rattling sounds, I decided that rather than burden my husband, I’d deal with it.  When we got home,  the kids rushed right into the house with the news. "Daddy, the Jeep was breaking down, but Mom made the noise stop!"  Impressed, my husband asked, "How did you fix it?"  "I turned up the volume on the radio," I confessed.
Before my son could start going on job interviews, he needed to dress the part. That, he decided, required a $500 suit.  "What!?" I answered, gagging at the price tag. "I’ve bought cars for $500!"  "That’s why I want the $500 suit," he said. "So I don’t have to drive $500 cars."
John: Ants really work hard. They work and work and never play.  Peter: Then how come every time I go for a picnic, THERE they are?
A man in a movie theater notices what looks like a baby giraffe sitting next to him. "Are you a baby giraffe?" asked the man, surprised.   "Yes."   "What are you doing at the movies?"  The giraffe replied, "Well, I liked the book."
Interviewer: "How well do you work with Powerpoint?"  Applicant: "I Excel at it."  Interviewer: "Was that a computer joke?"  Applicant: "Word."
Father in a conversation with a neighbor...  First son: Degree in Economics  Second son: MBA Third son: PhD Fourth son: Thief  Neighbor: Why can't you throw the fourth son out of your house?   Father: He is the only one earning money. The rest are unemployed.
Teeth said to Tongue: "If I press down on you just a little, you will get cut."  Tongue replied: "If I misuse one word, all 32 of you will come out."  
A mother and father read a bedtime story of a king to their five year old son. As the story concludes, the son says, "Mom, I also want five wives. One will cook, one will sing, one will bathe me..."  Mom: "And one will put you to sleep!"  Son: "No mom, I will still sleep with you."  Mom's eyes fill up with tears: "God bless you son."  Mom continues: "But who will sleep with your 5 wives?"  Son: "Let them sleep with daddy."  Daddy's eyes fill up with tears: "God bless you son."
Because it was my brother’s birthday, our mom wanted to do something special. She called his fraternity house and said she wanted to bring a cake. The young man who took the call was very excited. "Hey, Mrs. Schaeffer," he said, "that would be great!"  The next day she drove to the fraternity and rang the doorbell. The same boy answered the door. When he saw the cake, his face fell. "Oh," he said, clearly disappointed. "I thought you said ‘a keg.’"        
A 5 year old kid opened his birthday present to find a new toy car. He went up to his father who had just finished dying his hair. The kid was upset. “Dad, I wanted a red toy car and not a blue one.”  The father replied, “A car is a car. Red or blue, color doesn’t matter.”  The kid said, “Then dad, hair is hair. White or black, color doesn’t matter.”
Teacher: What do you all aspire to become?  Student 1: A Doctor!  Student 2: An Engineer!  Student 3: A Lawyer!  Student 4: I just want to watch and see whether they'll become what they say they'll become."
My husband and I both work, so our family eats out a lot.   Recently, when we were having a rare home-cooked meal, I handed a glass to my three-year-old and told her to drink her milk.  She looked at me bewildered and replied, "But I didn’t order milk."
Teacher:   “What is the difference between ‘Tea’ and ‘Tee’?  Student:   "The first one is a drink and the second is an incorrect spelling." 
Husband: You will never succeed, in making that dog obey you.  Wife: Nonsense! it's only a matter of patience, remember I had a lot of trouble with you at first as well...
"If you put your hand in your right pocket and found 25 rupees, and put your hand in the left pocket and found 50 rupees, what would you do?"  "I would immediately rush to my tailor and ask him to stitch more pockets on my trousers!"
Two young soldiers were exchanging their experiences of the service in the Army.   "My sergeants are wonderful", said one soldier.  "I wish I could say the same about mine," said the other.  "You could if you could lie as I do."  
Wife: "What are you doing?" Husband : Nothing. Wife : "Nothing...? You've been reading our marriage certificate for an hour." Husband : "I was looking for the expiration date."
The mother loved the picture frame her five-year-old son bought her for Mother’s Day.  She found a photograph of him and replaced the cat photo that came with it.   The son then became upset. "Why are you putting a picture of me in there? I bought you the picture of the cat!"
I asked my friend , "What is the secret behind your Happy Married Life?"   He said "You should share responsibilities with due love and respect each other. Then absolutely there will be no problems."  I asked "Can you explain?"   He said "In my house, I take decisions on bigger issues where as my Wife decides on smaller issues. We do not interfere in each other's decisions."  Still not convinced, i asked him "Give me some examples".   He said "Smaller issues like, which car we should buy, how much amount to save, when to visit the super market, when & where to go on vacation, which sofa, air conditioner, refrigerator to buy. Monthly expenses, whether to keep a maid or not etc. Are all decided by my wife. I just agree to it "  I asked "Then, what is your role?"   He said "My decisions are only for very big issues. Like whether America should attack Iran, whether Britain should lift sanctions over Zimbabwe, whether Bodoland should be formed or not, whether Dhoni should retire from Cricket , Whom should Salman Khan Marry. etc etc. and do you know, my wife; NEVER, objects to any of these decisions...
A police officer came upon a terrible wreck where the driver and passengers had been killed. As he looked upon the wreckage a little monkey came out of the brush and hopped around the crashed car. The officer looked down at the monkey and said, "I wish you could talk."  The monkey looked up at the officer and shook his head up and down. "You can understand what I'm saying?" asked the officer. Again, the monkey shook his head up and down.  "Well, did you see this?"  "Yes," motioned the monkey.   "What happened?" The monkey pretended to have a can in his hand and turned it up by his mouth. "They were drinking?" asked the officer. The monkey again nodded up and down.   "What else?" The monkey pinched his fingers together and held them to his mouth. "They were smoking marijuana?"    The monkey again nodded yes in agreement. "Now wait, you're saying they were drinking, and smoking marijuana before they wrecked?" asked the officer.  "Yes," nodded the monkey, emphatically.   "What were you doing during all this?"  "Driving," motioned the monkey.
Who is smarter, you or your dog? A Canadian psychologist is selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog’s IQ.   Here’s how it works... If you spend $12.99 for the video, your dog is the smarter one. 
Teacher : Which is the oldest animal?   Student : The zebra.   Teacher : How come?   Student : Because it's still in black & white.
The attorney tells the accused, “I have some good news and some bad news.”  “What’s the bad news?” asks the accused.  “The bad news is, your bloodis all over the crime scene, and the DNA tests prove you did it.”  “What’s the good news?”  “Your cholesterol is 130.”
"Daddy," said my 10-year-old daughter, "I think I want to join the Army."  "Baby," I answered, "I think the Air Force would be a better option for you."  "But I don’t want to be a pilot."  "You don’t have to be a pilot," I told her. "There are other jobs in the Air Force."  Her answer: "I don’t want to be a flight attendant either."
An older gentleman goes into a bar and hears the other patrons discussing the ups and down of marriage. "Next week my wife and I will celebrate our fiftieth anniversary," he tells them.  "That's great. What's your secret for a long and happy marriage," one asks. "Well, you have to do nice things for your wife." "Such as?"  "Well, for our twenty fifth anniversary I took her to Italy." "That is nice. What are you going to do for your fiftieth?" "I'm going back to visit her."
Patient: Doctor, you must help me. I'm under such a lot of stress, I keep losing my temper with people.  Doctor: Tell me about your problem.  Patient: I JUST DID, DIDN'T I, YOU STUPID BRAINLESS DEAF FOOL!!!  MAYBE IF YOU LISTENED, YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO HELP SOME!
When I went back to the medical lab to have some blood drawn, I was greeted with a battery of questions from the technician.  “Has your address changed?” she asked.  “No,” I answered.  “Your phone number?”  “No.”  “What about your birthday?”
During weekly visits to my allergist, I’ve noticed a lot of inattentive parents with ill-behaved children in the waiting room. So I was impressed one day to see a mother with her little boy, helping him sound out the words on a sign.  Finally he mastered it and his mother cheered, "That’s great! Now sit there. I’ll be back in 15 minutes."  What did the sign say?  "Children must not be left unattended."
Tom was walking down the street when he sees a funeral procession. At the head was the casket, behind was a man walking a very large dog and behind him were 300 people. Tom walks over to the guy with the dog and asks, "Who’s funeral is this?"  The man answers, “My mother-in-law’s.”  Tom wishes his condolences and asks, “She must of been a very important person, but what’s with the dog?”   "This is the dog that killed her.”  So Tom asks, “Can I borrow the dog for an hour?”  He responds, “Get in line!”
After years of using the same perfumes, I decided to try something different and settled on a light, citrusy fragrance.   The next day I was surprised when it was my little boy, not my husband, who first noticed the change.   As he put his arms around me, he declared, "Wow Mom, you smell just like Froot Loops!"
In a psychiatrist's waiting room two patients are having a conversation. One says to the other, "Why are you here?"  The second answers, "I'm Napoleon, so the doctor told me to come here."  The first is curious and asks, "How do you know that you're Napoleon?"  The second responds, "God told me I was."  At this point, a patient on the other side of the room shouts, "NO I DIDN'T!"
Husband: Babe, after work I had an accident. Sabrina took me to the hospital. After various tests, they said I was in a bad state with cervical dislocation, multiple facial injuries. Also, they will have to amputate my right leg.  Wife: Who is Sabrina?
A flight attendant for a major airline, watched one day as a passenger overloaded with bags tried to stuff his belongings in the overhead bin of the plane.   Finally, she informed him that he would have to check the over-sized luggage. "When I fly other airlines," he said irritably, "I don't have this problem."   The flight attendant smiled, "When you fly other airlines, I don't have this problem either."
On a flight to Florida, I was preparing my notes for one of the parent education seminars I conduct as an educational psychologist. The elderly woman sitting next to me explained that she was returning to Miami after having spent two weeks visiting her six children, 18 grandchildren and ten great grandchildren in Boston.   Then she inquired what I did for a living. I told her, fully expecting her to question me for free professional advice.   Instead she sat back and said, "If there's anything you want to know, just ask me."  
A kid asked his mother, “Mom, can you buy me those two toys that we had seen at the store the other day?”  His mother replied, “I will buy you one of them. One is enough to keep you busy at playtime.”  Later that day, the kid started doing his homework. The mother said, “Remember that you have two activities as homework today.”  The kid replied, “I will do one of them. One is enough to keep me busy at study time.”  
I got robbed at the gas station today. I called the cops and they asked if I knew who did it. I said, "Yes, pump number six."
What kind of music do Christmas elves like the best?   Wrap music!
Wife asks her husband to pass her a newspaper. He replies, "Newspaper? Are yo really that behind reality? Technology has developed so much and you are still asking for the newspaper? Here, take my iPad instead."   The wife takes the iPad and uses it to kill a cockroach. Her husband faints. 
I got my first full-time job, but I could have sworn I was making more money in college while working for my parents as their daughter.
Patient: Doctor, whenever I get up after a sleep, I feel dizzy for half an hour, then I'm all right.'  Doctor: Then wait for half an hour before getting up.
An anesthesiologist has a stock answer to the usual question asked by pre-surgical patients:  “How much will the anesthesia cost?”  “Oh, about $100.00. $1.00 to go to sleep and $99.00 for waking up. Most patients buy the whole package.”
Film Producer: I am going to make a movie. Can you suggest a 'heart-touching' title?  Scriptwriter: I got it... Stethoscope!
So, I'm at a store buying a bag of dog food for my dog. While in the check-out line, a woman behind me asked if I had a dog. So on impulse I told her that no, I didn't have a dog. I told her that I was starting the Dog Food Diet again and that I probably shouldn't because I ended up in the hospital last time, but that I'd lost 50 pounds before I awakened in intensive care with tubes coming out of most of my orifices and IVs in both arms. I told her that it was essentially a Perfect Diet and all you do is load your pockets with food Nuggets and simply eat one or two every time you feel hungry. The food is nutritionally complete so it works well and I was going to try it again.  (At that point practically everyone in line was now enthralled with my story.) Horrified, the lady behind asked if I ended up in intensive care because the dog food poisoned me. I told her no, I stepped off a curb to sniff a poodle's butt and a car hit me. I thought the guy behind her was going to have a heart attack he was laughing so hard.
Two young girls were reading when one girl said to the other, "I'm never having kids."  "Why?" said the other.   And the girl replied, "Because I heard they take 9 months to download."
Catelin: My Mom has the worst memory.   Amanda: She forgets everything?  Catelin: No, she remembers everything!
A baby mouse sees a bat flying overhead and says, "Mom! I think I see an angel!"
A little boy called Ben was taken to the dentist.  Examination revealed that Ben had a cavity, which needed filling. "Now, young man," asked the dentist, "what kind of filling would you like for that tooth, amalgam or composite?"  "I would prefer chocolate, please," replied Ben.
A man was walking down the street one day when he was brutally beaten and robbed. As he lay unconscious and bleeding, a psychologist, who happened to be passing by, rushed up to him and exclaimed, "My God! Whoever did this really needs help!"
What kind of medical help does a mermaid seek, a vet or a doctor?
A heavily bandaged man was sitting up in bed at the hospital when his friend came to visit. "What happened to you?" the friend asked.  "Well, we went to the amusement park and decided to ride the roller coaster. As we came to the top of the highest loop, I noticed a sign by the side of the track. I tried to read it, but it was very small and I couldn't make it out. I was so curious that I went around again, but we went by so quickly that I still couldn't see what the sign said. By now I was determined, so I went around a third time. As we reached the top I stood up in the car to get a better view."  "And did you manage to see what the sign said this time?" asked his friend.  "Yes, it said remain seated at all times."
An engineer and a psychiatrist meet up for their 20th college reunion.  The engineer says, "I'm surprised to see you still looking so young. I'd have thought listening to people's problems all day would have given you a mass of wrinkles."  The psychiatrist says, "You think we listen?"  
Johnny paid his way through college by being a waiter in a restaurant.  "What's the usual tip?" asked a customer.  "Well," said Johnny, "this is my first day, but the other guys said that, if I got five dollars out of you, I'd be doing great."  "Is that so?" growled the customer. "In that case, here's twenty dollars."  "Thanks. I'll put it in my college fund," Johnny said.  "By the way, what are you studying?" asked the customer.  "Applied psychology."
Father:  You better pass that exam or else forget that I'm your father.  Son: Ok, dad.  Next day  Father: How was your exam?  Son: Who are you?
I took my seven year old son to the zoo today. We were walking around and soon he said, “Look Dad! It's a frickin' Elephant!” I was shocked and slightly angry, as everybody was looking at us.   “What did you just call it?” I asked.   “It's a frickin' Elephant, it says so on the picture!” he said, and so it did, A F R I C A N Elephant.
My cousin was in love and wanted to introduce his bride-to-be to his  super-critical mother. But in order to get an unbiased opinion, he invited over three other female friends as well and didn’t tell his mom which one he intended to marry. After the four women left, he asked his mother, "Can you guess which one I want to marry?"  "The one with short hair."  "Yes! How’d you know?"  "Because that’s the one I didn’t like."
A 16-year-old boy who works part-time job pulls into his parent's driveway in a Porsche. Naturally, his mom and dad know that there’s no way he earned enough with his after-school job to own such a car.  “Where did you get that car?” his mom and dad scream in unison.  He calmly tells them, “I bought it today.”  “With what money?” his mom demands. “We know what a Porsche costs.”  “Well,” says the boy, “This one cost me fifteen dollars.”  At this point, naturally, the parents start yelling even louder. “Who on earth would sell a car like that for fifteen dollars?!”  “The lady up the street,” the boy replies, shrugging. “I don’t know her name–she just moved in. She saw me ride past on my bike and asked me if I wanted to buy a Porsche for fifteen dollars.”  “Oh my gosh,” the mom moans.   The boy’s father and mother rush over to their new neighbor’s house, ready to break down her door and demand an explanation. Curiously, their new neighbor is calmly planting petunias.  “I’m the father of the kid you just sold a sports car to for $15,” the dad says. “I need an explanation from you – ASAP!”  “Well,” the neighbor says, not looking up from her garden. “This morning I got a phone call from my husband. I thought he was on a business trip, but it seems he has run off to Hawaii with his secretary and doesn’t intend to come back.”  “What on earth does that have to do with selling our son a Porsche for $15?” The boy’s mom asks – utterly perplexed.  The new neighbor smiles, and pauses for a minute. “Well, my husband asked me to sell his new Porsche and send him the money. So I did.”
A man wakes up and finds himself in a hospital room, one with only himself in it. He has no recollection of how he got there. While pondering it, his bedside phone rings, and he answers it. A doctor on the other end identifies himself, and tells the man, "I have really bad news. You're very sick. After your collapse yesterday, we ordered several tests, and got the results back this morning. I'm afraid you have Avain flu, Ebola, and you're positive for HIV and hepatitis."   Stunned, the man asks, "Well, what's next!? What are you going to do?"   The doctor replies, "Well, for starters, we're putting you on a strict diet of only pizza."   "Will that really help me, doctor?"  "No", the doctor begins, "but it's all we can fit under the the door."
Why shouldn't you tell a secret on a farm?  Because the potatoes have eyes, the corn has ears, and the beans stalk.   
Death comes to take a lawyer away.  The lawyer cries and pleads, "Why so early? I am only forty!"  Death replies, "Not according to the hours you billed."
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend?   He gave her a ring.
The coach called one of his 9-year-old baseball players aside and asked, "Do you understand what co-operation is? What a team is?"  "Yes, coach", replied the boy. "Do you understand that what matters is we win or lose as a team?"   The boy nodded in agreement. The coach continued, "I'm sure you know, when an out is called, you shouldn't argue, curse, attack the umpire, or call him insulting names. Do you understand all that?"   Again, the boy nodded yes. The coach continued, "And when I take you out of the game so that another boy gets a chance to play, it's not good sportsmanship to call your coach dumb, or stupid, or worse, is it?"  "No, coach."  "Good," said the coach. "Now go over there and explain all that to your Grandmother."
Pinkie Pinkerton lived in a pink one story house on Pink Street. The walls were pink, the roof was pink, the carpet was pink, the flowers were pink, the pictures were pink, the furniture was pink, the bathroom was pink, her stuff was pink, the yard was pink, even her cat was pink. EVERYTHING was pink. So what color were the stairs in Pinkie Pinkerton's house?  
A little boy goes to the doctor and tells him, "I'm smart Doc!"   The doctor says, "Really?" He then points to the boys foot and says, "What's that?"   "That's my foot."   "Very good," says the Doc. "What's that?" he asks, pointing to the boys knee.   "That's my knee."   "Excellent."   "Now, what's that?" he asks, pointing to the boys elbow.   "My elbow."   "Wow. How do you know all this stuff?"   " Kidneys Doc, kidneys," the boy says touching his head.
A wealthy manager was driving in his car when he saw two men along the roadside eating grass. Disturbed by the sight, he ordered his driver to stop and he got out to investigate. He asked one man, "Why are you eating grass?"  "We don't have any money for food," the poor man replied. "We have to eat grass."  "Well, then, you can come with me to my house and I'll feed you," the manager said.  "But sir, I have a wife and five children with me. They are over there, under that tree."  "Bring them along," the manager replied. Turning to the other poor man he stated, "You come with us also."  The second man, in a pitiful voice then said, "But sir, I also have a wife and seven children with me!"  "Bring them all, as well," the manager answered. They all entered the car, which was no easy task, even for a car as large as it was. One of the poor fellows turned to the wealthy fellow and said, "Sir, you are too kind. Thank you for taking all of us with you."  The manager replied, "Glad to do it. You'll really love my place, the grass is almost 1 foot high!"   Lesson: Never trust managers... They will go to any extreme to finish their job. 
A husband and wife were driving through Louisiana. As they approached the city of Natchitoches, they started arguing about the pronunciation of the town. They argued back and forth, then they stopped for lunch.  At the counter, the husband asked the not-so-bright waitress, "Before we order, could you please settle an argument for us? Would you please pronounce where we are very slowly?"   She leaned over the counter and said, "Burrr-gerrr Kiiing."
What do you call a sleeping bull?  A bulldozer.
My five-year-old son is crazy about cars so I took him to his first car show. He loved seeing all the different models and brands and gushed over the big engines, the colors, and even the wheels. But the car he was most impressed with was a hearse.   “Mom!” he shouted. “Look at all this storage!”
A man went to New York on a business trip. When the trip was over, he took a cab to get to the airport. The cab driver decided to have a little fun at the man's expense, so he asked, "My mother had three kids, one was my brother, one was my sister, who was the third?"  The passenger had no idea. The driver replied, "The third one was ME!"  The man went home to his wife and said to her, "Hey honey, here's a riddle for you. My mother had three kids, one was my brother, one was my sister, who was the third one?"  His wife was stumped and said, "I don't know, who?"  The man responded, "Believe it or not, some cab driver in New York."
Why did the turtle cross the road?   To slow down traffic.
As I was waiting in the Doctor's office the day after Christmas I accidentally overheard a conversation between the desk employee and another patient on the phone.  Employee: "Ma'am the Doctor's office will be closed for the next few days due to the snow storm headed into town. Would you please choose a date to reschedule? Would sometime next week be fine?   I could hear the patient on the phone getting upset and not wanting to change her appointment.   Trying to be as polite as he could, the employee began again: "But ma'am when you show up this week for your appointment no one will be here because of the snow storm."  I then heard yelling from the woman on the line before she abruptly hung up. The employee shook his head in disbelief. Trying to make his day a little better I said, "You would think after Christmas people would have a better attitude."  Employee: "She's more Halloween than Christmas!"  
Three patients at a psychiatric clinic are up for release. The psychiatrist informs them that they will have to pass a simple test. He asks the first patient, "How much is two plus two?"   "Blue."  At which point the doctor calls in the orderly to escort the patient back to his room. Turning to the second patient, he asks, "What is six minus three?"   To which the patient replies, "Square."   Once again the orderly is called in to remove the patient. Turning to the third and last patient, he asks, "How much is five plus five?  The patient answers very confidently, "Ten."   The doctor, amazed, then inquires, "Very good. How did you figure it out?"   The patient reply, "Easy. Blue multiplied by square equals ten."
My boyfriend and I were taking his 19-year-old niece to a weekend festival. When we arrived at her house to pick her up, she appeared in tasteful but very short shorts, and a tank top with spaghetti straps. A debate began immediately about appropriate dress. I took the girl’s side, recalling that when we began dating, I dressed the same way.  “Yes,” said my boyfriend sternly, “and I said something about it, didn’t I?”  Everyone looked at me. “Yeah,” I replied. “You said, ‘What’s your phone number?'”
Four expectant fathers pace in a hospital waiting room while their wives are in labor. The nurse enters and tells the first man, "Congratulations, you're the father of twins."  "What a coincidence," the man says. "I work for the Minnesota Twins baseball team."  A little later, the nurse returns and tells the second man, "You are the father of triplets."  "That's really an incredible coincidence," he answers. "I work for the 3M Corporation."  An hour later, the nurse tells the third man that his wife has just given birth to quadruplets. The man says, "I don't believe it! I work for the Four Seasons. What a coincidence."  After hearing this, everyone's attention turns to the fourth guy who has just fainted. He slowly regains consciousness and whispers, "I should have never taken that job at Millennium Computers."
At my ten-year-old’s request, I loaded my Rolling Stones tunes onto his iPod.  "I had no idea you liked the Stones," I said.  "Sure. I like all that old-fashioned music," he said.  "What do you mean, ‘old-fashioned music’?"  "You know," he said defensively. "Music from the 1900's."
Teacher: Where were you born?  Student: Tiruvananthapuram.  Teacher: Spell it.  Student: Sorry, I meant Goa.
Wilfred had just learned his ABC's and was very scared of reciting them in front of his class. He stood in front of the class trembling and began, "A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z."  His teacher said, "Very good, Wilfred. But you forgot P. Where's the P?"  He replied," It's running down my leg."
The judge asked the defendant to please stand. "You are charged with cutting down a tree without having permission to do so, using a chain saw."  From out in the gallery, a woman shouts, "Lying miser!"  "Silence in the court!" the Judge says. He turns to the defendant and says, "You are also charged with cutting a hedge in a protected area using an electric hedge trimmer."  "You tightwad!" the same woman in the gallery blurted out.  "I said QUIET!" yelled the judge. To the defendant, "You are also charged with using an electric drill outside your house during night hours."  "You good for nothing..." the woman from the gallery yelled.  The judge thundered at the woman: "If you don't tell me right now the reasons for your outbursts I'll hold you in contempt!"  The woman answered, "I've lived beside that man for ten years now, but do you think he ever had a tool when I needed to borrow one!"
What's the difference between a psychiatrist and a psychologist?  If you say, 'I hate my mother', a psychiatrist will ask, "Why do you say that?"  Whereas a psychologist will say, "Thank you for sharing that with us." 
With his wife out for the evening, a father was trying to watch TV, but his young son kept coming in and asking for a glass of water.  After the seventh glass, the father lost his temper and yelled, "Go to sleep, I'm watching TV."  "But Dad," he protested, "my room is still on fire!"
One day a husband says to his wife, “Today is a fine day!” Next day he says it again. “Today is a fine day.” Again next day, he says same thing, “Today is a fine day.”   Finally after a week, the wife asks her husband, “Since last week, you are saying today is a fine day. I am fed up. What’s the matter?”  "Last week when we had an argument, you said, 'I will leave you one fine day.' I was just trying to remind you." 
The week we got our puppy, I caught a stomach bug and stayed home from work one day. That afternoon, my wife called to check up on me.  "I’m okay," I said. "But guess who pooped in the dining room?"  My wife’s response, "Who?"
A Grandmother asked her teenage grandson to lightly water the plants outside in the backyard, but to not wet the grass because the younger grandchildren wanted to go out to play in the yard. She didn't want the yard to be muddy for them to walk through. The  teenage grandson happily said he understood and went outside to begin watering the plants.  A few moments later the Grandmother looked out the window and was surprised to see her teenage grandson using the water hose to spray water all over the grass in the yard. She ran outside to ask him why he was soaking the grass in water, causing the entire yard to turn muddy.   He replied, "To rinse the morning dew off the grass so it won't be wet when the kids come out to play."
How many elves does it take to change a lightbulb?   Twenty! One to change it and nineteen to stand on each other's shoulders.
Why did the hen cross the road?  To find the rooster. 
A man goes to a doctor. He says he is depressed. He says life seems harsh and cruel. He says he feels all alone in a threatening world, where what lies ahead is vague and uncertain.  The doctor says the treatment is simple. The great clown Terrifini is in town tonight. Go and see him. That should pick you up.  The man bursts into tears,"But doctor... I am Terrifini!"  
A fellow was boasting about what a good citizen he was and what a refined, disciplined lifestyle he led. "I don't smoke, I don't drink, I don't gamble, I don't cheat on my wife, I am early to bed and early to rise, I work hard all day, and attend religious services faithfully."   Very impressive, right? Then he added, "I've been like this for the last five years, but just you wait until they let me out of this place!"
Three contractors were visiting a tourist attraction on the same day. At the end of the tour, the guard asked them what they did for a living. When they all replied that they were contractors, the guard said, "Hey, we need one of the rear fences redone. Why don't you guys take a look at it and give me a bid?"  So, they all went to the back fence to check it out. The first contractor took out his tape measure, did some measuring and said, "Well, I figure the job will run about $900. $400 for materials, $400 for my crew, and $100 profit for me."  Next was the second contractor. He also took out his tape measure, did some quick figuring and said, "Looks like I can do this job for $700. $300 for materials, $300 for my crew, and $100 profit for me."  Without so much as moving, the third contractor said, "$2,700."  The guard, incredulous, looked at him and said, "You didn't even measure like the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?"  "Easy," he said. "$1,000 for me, $1,000 for you and we hire the guy doing it for $700."
A woman goes to the Doctor, worried about her husband's temper.  The Doctor asks: "What's the problem?"  The woman says: "Doctor, I don't know what to do. Every day my husband seems to lose his temper for no reason. It scares me."  The Doctor says: "I have a cure for that. When it seems that your husband is getting angry, just take a glass of water and start swishing it in your mouth. Just swish and swish but don't swallow it until he either leaves the room or calms down."  Two weeks later the woman comes back to the doctor looking fresh and reborn.  The woman says: "Doctor that was a brilliant idea! Every time my husband started losing it, I swished with water. I swished and swished, and he calmed right down! How does a glass of water do that?"  The Doctor says: "The water itself does nothing. It's keeping your mouth shut that does the trick."
A robber walked into a music store and then everybody got down!
A client called my help desk saying she couldn’t send an e-mail. When I was done troubleshooting the problem, she interrupted me to ask, “Wait a minute, do I type @ in lower or uppercase?”  
Why do artists constantly feel cold?  Because they’re surrounded by drafts.
Wife: What are your plans for Easter? Husband: Same as Jesus...  Wife: What do you mean? Husband: I will disappear on Friday and reappear on Monday!  On hearing that the wife retorts,"AWESOME, you do that, I'll do a Mary and show up pregnant untouched by my husband."  The man stayed home.
A girl prayed to God, “Dear God, Why is it that you don’t make smarter men anymore?”  God replied, “I stopped making smarter men, the day 'Smart’ phones were made.” 
I told a girl on the flight that she was pretty. She replied, "Tell me something I don't know."   So I asked if she remembered the quadratic formula.
Mom: What did you do at school today?  Mark: We played a guessing game.  Mom: But I thought you were having a math exam?  Mark: That’s right.
Patient: Doctor, doctor, I keep thinking I'm a dog.  Doctor: Lie down on the couch and I'll examine you.   Patient: I can't, I'm not allowed on the furniture.  
One of the airlines recently introduced a special half-fare rate for wives accompanying their husbands on business trips. Anticipating some valuable testimonials, the publicity department of the airline sent out letters to all the wives of businessmen who used the special rates, asking how they enjoyed their trip.   Responses are still pouring in from angry wives asking, "What trip?"  
Never, NEVER, NEVER make your girlfriend mad...  They can remember stuff that that hasn't even happened yet!
An elderly man was on the operating table, about to be operated on by his son, a famous surgeon. Just before they put him under, he asked to speak to his son.  "Don’t be nervous, son, just do your best and remember, if it doesn’t go well, if something happens to me… your mother is going to come and live with you and your family."
Morty and Saul are out one afternoon on a lake when their boat starts sinking. Saul, a banker, says to Morty, "Listen, Morty, I should probably tell you, I don't swim so well."  Morty, who worked as a lifeguard when he was younger, begins tugging and pulling on Saul, helping him float towards shore. After twenty minutes, he begins to tire. Finally about 50 feet from shore, Morty asks, "Saul, do you suppose you could float alone?"  Saul looks at Morty and then replies, "This is a heck of a time to be asking for money!"
Whenever I see a woman driving a bus I smile and think about how far we, as a society, have come in equality.  And then I wait for the next bus.
Q: What do you call an old snowman?  A: Water
A distinguished young woman on a flight from Switzerland asked the priest beside her, "Father, may I ask a favour?"  "Of course. What may I do for you?"  "Well, I bought an expensive electronic hair dryer that is well over the customs limits and I'm afraid they'll confiscate it. Is there anyway you could carry it through Customs for me? Under your robes perhaps?"  "I would love to help you, dear, but I must warn you: I will not lie."  "With your honest face, Father, no one will question you."  When they got to Customs, she let the priest go ahead of her. The official asked, "Father, do you have anything to declare?"  "From the top of my head down to my waist, I have nothing to declare."  The official thought this answer strange, so asked, "And what do you have to declare from your waist to the floor?"  "I have a marvelous little instrument designed to be used on a woman, but which is, to date, unused."  Roaring with laughter, the official said, "Go ahead, Father. Next!"
A family took their frail, elderly mother to a nursing home and left her there, hoping she would be well cared for. The next morning the nurses bathed her, fed her a tasty breakfast, and set her in a chair at a window overlooking a lovely flower garden.  She seemed okay, but after a while she slowly started to tilt sideways in her chair.Two attentive nurses immediately rushed up to catch her and straighten her up. Again she seemed okay, but after a while she slowly started to tilt over to her other side. The nurses rushed back and once more brought her back upright. This went on all morning. Later, the family arrived to see how the old woman was adjusting to her new home.  "So Ma, how is it here? Are they treating you all right?"  "It's pretty nice," she replied. "Except they won't let me fart." 
How to survive the coldest winter days:  1) Get dressed  2) Walk outside  3) Turn around   4) Return to inside  5) GET BACK IN BED!
Why does a scuba diver fall off the boat backwards?  Because if he fell frontwards he'd still be in the boat!
A woman had bought lots of shoes over time and she decided it was time to kick the habit. She really took it seriously, even changing her driving route to avoid her favorite shoe store. One evening, however, she arrived home carrying a shoe box. Her husband grinned at her, but it didn't faze her at all.  "These are very special shoes," she explained. "I accidentally drove by the shoe store and there in the window were the most perfect shoes I've ever seen! I felt this was no accident, so I thought I'd let fate decide. If I would get a parking spot directly in front of the shop, the shoes were meant for me. And sure enough, the eighth time around the block, there it was!"
Q: Why does Santa Claus like to go down the chimney?   A: Because it soots him!
What do you call a dog on the beach?   A Hot Dog
What did one ear say to the other?  Nothing, ears don't talk they listen!
If we are not to have a midnight snack, then why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator? 
Patient: "Doctor, I feel as though nobody understands me."  Doctor: "What do you mean by that?"
Two men were walking down the street when they saw a dog licking himself.  One man said "I wish I could do that."  The other man said "you should probably just pet him first."
Teacher: "Class, in this final exam, everybody should get at least 75% marks."   Student: "We are all trying for 100% sir!"   Teacher: "Are you being serious?"   Student: "Well, no sir. But it was you who cracked a joke first."
Did you hear about the guy that created the KNOCK KNOCK JOKE?  He won the NO-BELL prize.
An old penny pincher had no friends. Just before he died he asked his doctor, lawyer, and pastor to gather around him at bedside.  “I have always heard that you can’t take it with you. But I want to disprove that theory,” he said. “I have $90,000 under my mattress, and when I die, just before they throw the dirt on me at my burial, I want you each to toss in an envelope with $30,000 within.”  The three attended the funeral and each threw his envelope in the grave. On the way back from the cemetery, the pastor said, “I must confess. I needed $10,000 for my new church, so I only threw in $20,000.”  The doctor then said, “I must confess too. I needed $20,000 for a new hospital I was opening up, so I only threw in $10,000.”  The lawyer looked at them both and shook his head. He then said, “Gentlemen, I’m surprised, shocked, and ashamed of you. I don’t see how you could dare to go against that man’s final wish. I mean, I threw in my personal check for the full amount.”
While editing announcements for a newspaper, I came across an item promoting a camp for children with asthma.   Aside from all the wonderful activities the kids could enjoy, such as canoeing, swimming, crafts and more, it promised that its lakefront property offered something the kids probably did not expect... breathtaking views!
Q: What do snowmen like to eat for breakfast?  A: Frosted Flakes!
I couldn't sleep one night so I decided to take the dumbest tests Facebook had to offer. After answering about 90 questions... it turns out apparently, that I have insomnia. 
A young man called his mother and announced excitedly that he had just met the woman of his dreams. Now what should he do?   His mother had an idea, "Why don't you send her flowers, and on the card invite her to your place for a home-cooked meal?"   He thought this was a great strategy and arranged a date for a week later. His mother called the day after the big date to see how things had gone.          "The evening was a disaster," he moaned.          "Why, what happened?" asked his mother.          "Oh, she came over, but she refused to cook." 
A man goes swimming in the ocean but gets sucked out to sea. A boat passes by him and tells him to climb aboard but he says, "I have faith, God will save me."  The Coast Guard comes by with a rescue helicopter and tells him to climb the ladder up, but he says, "I have faith, God will save me."  The man is now getting tired but thankfully a dolphin swims under him and starts to carry him to shore, but the man pushes the dolphin away saying, "I have faith, God will save me."  The man dies and goes to Heaven. He asks God, "Why didn't you save me?"  God replies, "I tried! I sent a ship, a helicopter and a dolphin!"
Wife: I hate that beggar.  Husband: Why?  Wife: That rascal, yesterday I gave him food and today he gave me a Cookbook!
I have determined that there are two important lessons in life...  I can't remember the first, BUT THE SECOND is to write everything down!
Brian’s stress level was at unsurpassed levels.  His wife Maggie was in labor and Brian was sure it was time to head to the hospital.  Breathing heavily, Brian grabbed the phone and called the doctor.    “MY WIFE, SHE’S READY, SHOULD WE COME?”  The doctor tried to relax the poor fellow, “just try to relax, now tell me how much time elapses between the contractions?”    “MAGGIE!” Brian screamed on the top of his lungs, “HOW MUCH TIME IN BETWEEN THE CONTRACTIONS? TEN MINUTES? OK, TEN MINUTES IN BETWEEN DOCTOR!”   “And is this her first child?” questioned the doctor.   “NO YOU STUPID NITWIT, THIS IS HER HUSBAND!”  
Freshman: Is never in bed past noon. Senior: Is never out of bed before noon.  Freshman: Reads the syllabus to find out what classes he can cut. Senior: Reads the syllabus to find out what classes he needs to attend.  Freshman: Brings a can of soda into a lecture hall. Senior: Brings a jumbo hoagie and six-pack of Mountain Dew into a recitation class.  Freshman: Calls the professor "Teacher." Senior: Calls the professor "Bob."  Freshman: Would walk ten miles to get to class. Senior: Drives to class if it's more than three blocks away.  Freshman: Memorizes the course material to get a good grade. Senior: Memorizes the professor's habits to get a good grade.  Freshman: Knows a book-full of useless trivia about the university. Senior: Knows where the next class is. Usually.  Freshman: Shows up at a morning exam clean, perky, and fed. Senior: Shows up at a morning exam in sweats with a cap on and a box of pop tarts in hand.  Freshman: Has to ask where the computer labs are. Senior: Has own personal workstation.  Freshman: Lines up for an hour to buy his textbooks in the first week. Senior: Starts to think about buying textbooks in October... maybe.  Freshman: Looks forward to first classes of the year. Senior: Looks forward to first beer garden of the year.  Freshman: Is proud of his A+ on Calculus I midterm. Senior: Is proud of not quite failing his Complex Analysis midterm.  Freshman: Calls his girlfriend back home every other night. Senior: Calls Domino's every other night.  Freshman: Is appalled at the class size and callousness of professors. Senior: Is appalled that the campus 'Subway' burned down over the summer.  Freshman: Conscientiously completes all homework, including optional questions. Senior: Homework? I knew I forgot to do something last night.  Freshman: Goes on grocery-shopping trip with Mom before moving onto campus. Senior: Has a beer with Mom before moving into group house.  Freshman: Is excited about the world of possibilities that awaits him, the unlimited vista of educational opportunities, the chance to expand one's horizons and really make a contribution to society. Senior: Is excited about new dryers in laundry room.  Freshman: Takes meticulous four-color notes in class. Senior: Occasionally stays awake for all of class.
My colleague has been living in this country only a few months and is just learning the language.   Although normally chipper, he recently looked sad.   When I asked what was wrong, he responded glumly, “Today, everything wrong is going in my favor.”
A guy is walking down the street with his friend. He says to his friend, "I'm a walking economy."  His friend replies, "How's that?"  "It's like this, my hair line is in recession, my stomach is a victim of inflation, and the combination of these factors is putting me into a deep depression."
A big-city counterfeiter decided the best place to pass off his phony $18 bills would be in some small, out of the way, town. So, he got into his new wheels and off he went.  He found a tiny town with a single store. He entered the store and handed one of the bogus bills to the man behind the counter. "Can you change this for me, please?" he said.  The store clerk looked at the $18 bill a short time, then smiled and told the man, "Sure, Mister. You want 2 nines or 3 sixes?"
A young man excitedly tells his mother he’s fallen in love and that he is going to get married.  He says, “Just for fun, Ma, I’m going to bring over 3 girls and you try and guess which one I’m going to marry.”  The mother agrees.  The next day, he brings three women into the house and sits them down on the couch and they chat for a while. He then says, “Okay Ma, guess which one I’m going to marry.”  She immediately replies, “The one on the right.”  “That’s amazing, Ma. You’re right. How did you know?”  The mother replies, “I don’t like her."   
Research shows that 80% of men don’t know how to use condoms. These men are called DADS.
A man and a woman who never met before, find themselves on upper and lower berth of a long distance train.  At 2 am, man leans over saying, "Ma'am, sorry to bother you, would you be kind enough to give me a second blanket from the side table. It's awfully cold here.  "I have a better idea", she replied, "Just for tonight, why don't we pretend that we are married?"  "Great idea Ma'am", he replied in great excitement.  She says, "Well then get up and take it yourself" 
A pair of chickens walk up to the circulation desk at a public library and say, 'Buk Buk BUK.' The librarian decides that the chickens desire three books, and gives it to them. The chickens leave shortly thereafter.  Around midday, the two chickens return to the circulation desk quite vexed and say,' Buk Buk BuKKOOK!' The librarian decides that the chickens desire another three books and gives it to them. The chickens leave as before.  The two chickens return to the library in the early afternoon, approach the librarian, looking very annoyed and say, 'Buk Buk Buk Buk Bukkooook!' The librarian is now a little suspicious of these chickens. She gives them what they request, and decides to follow them.  She followed them out of the library, out of the town, and to a park. At this point, she hid behind a tree, not wanting to be seen. She saw the two chickens throwing the books at a frog in a pond, to which the frog was saying, "Rrredit, Rrredit, Rrredit..."
It's strange to think 75 years ago everyone owned a horse and only the rich had cars.   Today everyone has a car and only the rich own horses.
My five-year-old nephew has always happily answered to BJ. That ended when he came home from his first day of school in a foul mood. It seems his teacher took roll call and he never heard his name.  "Why didn’t anyone tell me my name was William?!" he complained.
Little Johnny attended a horse auction with his father. He watched as his father moved from horse to horse, running his hands up and down the horses legs and rump, and chest..   After a few minutes, Johnny asked, "Dad, why are you doing that?"   His father replied, "Because when I am buying horses, I have to make sure that they are healthy and in good shape before I buy."   Johnny, looking worried, said, "Dad, I think the UPS guy wants to buy Mom." 
Wife: “You told me so many bad things in your sleep last night!”  Husband: “Who said I was asleep?"
Behind every angry woman stands...  Stands a clueless man...  Who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong!
Some people at a university operated a "bank" of term papers and other homework assignments where students could buy ready-made work. There were papers to suit all needs. The "bank" had A grade, B grade, and C grade papers, since it would be rather suspicious if an undistinguished student suddenly handed in a brilliant essay.  A student, who had spent the weekend on pursuits other than his assignment, went to the "bank" and purchased a paper with an inconspicuous C grade. He then retyped it and handed in the work to his professor.  Soon, the student received the paper back with the professor's comments, which read, "I wrote this paper myself 25 years ago and I always thought it should have been graded an A, so now I'm more than pleased to give it one!"
Brian, one of the worlds greatest hypochondriacs, bumped into his Dr. one day at the supermarket. “Doc!” Brian exclaimed, “I’ve been meaning to tell you, remember those voices I kept on hearing in my head? I haven’t heard them in over a week!”   “Wow! What wonderful news Brian! I’m so happy for you!” his Dr. exclaimed.   “Wonderful?” asked a dismal looking Brian. “There’s nothing wonderful about it. I’m afraid my hearing is starting to go now!"
A fella walks into a bar...  Unfortunately, there is a pile of dog poop just inside the door, and he slips in it and falls over. He gets up, cleans himself up and walks to the bar and buys a drink.  Another man then enters the bar. He slips in the same pile of poop, falls, gets up, cleans up and buys a drink.  The first guy turns to the new guy and, trying to strike up a conversation, points to the pile by the door and says, "I just did that."  The big guy punches him in the mouth.
How far can a fox run into a grove?   Only halfway... after that he's running out!
A family enters a large store. After browsing for several moments they purchase some goods and head for the large counter at the front of the store.  They notice a robotic seal standing in a corner situated near the counter. It is dressed in a tuxedo and each time goods are packaged the seal nods as if in agreement.  After the third purchase is made the father asks the counter assistant why the robot nods each time.  The assistant replies, "Isn't it obvious? It's our seal of approval."  
Which member of the surgical team falls asleep during an operation?   The Anaesthetist of course.  
1. The bandage was wound around the wound.  2. The farm was used to produce produce.  3. The dump was so full it had to refuse more refuse.  4. We must polish the Polish furniture.  5. He could lead if he would get the lead out.  6. The soldier decided to desert his dessert in the desert.  7. Since there was no time like the present, he thought it was time to present the present.  8. A bass was painted on the head of the bass drum.  9. When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.  10. I did not object to the object.  11. The insurance was invalid for the invalid.  12. There was a row among the oarsmen on how to row.  13. They were too close to the door to close it.  14. The buck does funny things when does are present.  15. A seamstress and a sewer fell down into a sewer line.  16. To help with planting, the farmer taught his sow to sow.  17. The wind was too strong to wind the sail.  18. After a number of injections my jaw got number.  19. Upon seeing the tear in the painting I shed a tear.  20. I had to subject the subject to a series of tests.  21. How can I intimate this to my most intimate friend?
The hardest thing about riding a horse....  Is hitting the ground!
What is the difference between a well dressed man riding a bike and a man in a suit riding a unicycle?   One wheel!
My father’s secretary was visibly distraught one morning when she arrived at the office and explained that her children’s parrot had escaped from his cage and flown out an open window. Of all the dangers the tame bird would face outdoors alone, she seemed most concerned about what would happen if the bird started talking.  Confused, my father asked what the parrot could say. “Well,” she explained, “he mostly says, ‘Here, kitty, kitty, kitty.’”
I should have known better than to take my four-year-old son shopping with me. I spent the entire time in the mall chasing after him. Finally, I’d had it.   "Do you want a stranger to take you?!" I scolded.  Thrilled, he yelled back, "That depends, will HE take me to the zoo?"
Wife: "You remember when you bought me this blue dress?"  Husband: "I don't remember."  Wife: "It was on my birthday! And this red gown?"  Husband: "On your birthday?"  Wife: "No... on our anniversary! Don't you remember?"  Husband: "Honey, I'm not good at remembering colors or dresses. I better at remembering prices, those I remember very well!"
Text message from husband to his wife:  A very nice Highway Patrol officer asked me if I was drinking.   I jokingly replied, "That depends, are you buying?"   Tough crowd. Please send bail money.
Mary was having a tough day and had stretched herself out on the couch to do a bit of what she thought to be well deserved complaining and self-pitying.  She moaned to her mom and her younger brother, "Nobody loves me...the whole world hates me!"  Her brother, busily occupied playing a game, hardly looked up at her and passed on this encouraging word... "That's not true, Mary. Some people don't even know you."  
As i watched my dog chasing his tail I thought how easily dogs are amused...  Then, I thought how easily amused i am watching my dog chase his tail.
Why are buildings called buildings? Shouldn't they be called builts?
While driving in Pennsylvania, a family caught up to an Amish carriage. The owner of the carriage obviously had a sense of humor, because attached to the back of the carriage was a hand printed sign...  Energy efficient vehicle.  Runs on oats and grass.  Caution: Do not step in exhaust.
Patient: Doctor help me please, every time I drink a cup of coffee I get this intense stinging in my eye. Doctor: I suggest you remove the spoon before drinking. 
A lady is at a job interview for a receptionist position.  "I see you used to be employed by a psychologist. Why did you leave?"   "Well, I just couldn't win. If I was late to work, I was hostile. If I was early, I was anxious. And if I was on time, I was obsessional."      
Son: "Dad, aren't you getting ready to office today?"  Dad: "I am working from home today. Get ready soon otherwise you will be late to school."  Son: "Dad, I am not going to school today."  Dad: "Why?"  Son: "I am studying from home today."
Three sons left home, went out on their own and prospered. Getting together for Christmas, they discussed the gifts they were able to give their elderly mother.  The first said, “I built a big house for our mother.”  The second said, “I sent her a Mercedes.”  The third smiled and said, “I’ve got you both beat. You remember how mom enjoyed reading the Bible? And you know she can’t see very well. So I sent her a remarkable parrot that recites the entire Bible. It took elders in the church 12 years to teach him. He’s one of a kind. Mom just has to name the chapter and verse, and the parrot recites it.”  Soon thereafter, mom sent out her letters of thanks:  “Dear Milton,” she wrote one son, “The house you built is too huge. I live in only one room, but I have to keep the whole house clean!”  “Dear Gerald,” she wrote to another, “I am too old to travel. I stay at home most of the time, so I rarely use the Mercedes.”  “Dearest Donald,” she wrote to her third son, “You have the good sense to know what your Mother likes. The chicken was Dee-licious!
Why does the milk stool only have 3 legs?  Because the cow has the udder. 
I was drinking a margarita when a guy stood up and asked, "Does anyone here know CPR?"  Someone else stood up and said, "Yeah, I know the whole alphabet."  We all laughed and laughed and laughed... well, except this one guy.
At a meeting, the corporate manager told a joke. Everyone on the team laughed except one guy.  The manager asked him, "Didn’t you understand my joke?"  The guy replied, "Oh I understood it, but I resigned yesterday."
A defendant isn’t happy with how things are going in court, so he gives the judge a hard time.  Judge: “Where do you work?”  Defendant: “Here and there.”  Judge: “What do you do for a living?”  Defendant: “This and that.”  Judge: “Take him away.”  Defendant: “Wait! When will I get out?”  Judge: “Sooner or later.”
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are...  But I laugh more!
Why did the coffee grounds call 911?  Because they GOT MUGGED
When I am told, "You'll regret that in the morning", I don't let it bother me.  Being a problem solver, I just sleep in till noon. 
What is a hard drive?  A hard drive is driving across country with my wife, three kids and a dog.
Why can a Cheetah not hide?  Because it's always spotted! 
A man was looking for someone to paint his porch. So he hired a young lady and told her what to do. After about 30 minutes, the lady came to the door and said, “I’m done.”   The man asked, “How did you get done so fast?”   The lady said, “It was hard at first, but it got easier towards the end. And by the way, it’s a Ferrari, not a Porsche.”
An elderly man was remembering the good old days. “When I was young, my mom could send me to a shop with a single dollar, and I would bring back 5 pounds of potatoes, 2 breads, a bottle of milk, a piece of cheese, and 10 eggs.   Nowadays that is impossible... there are simply too many security cameras! 
I read the expression 'revenge is a dish best served cold'.  Then I read 'revenge is sweet'.   I came to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream.
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before they got married?  Feyonce' 
Texting acronyms can stump even the best of moms:  Mom: Your great-aunt just passed away. LOL.  Son: Why is that funny?  Mom: It’s not funny, David! What do you mean?  Son: Mom, LOL means Laughing Out Loud.  Mom: I thought it meant Lots of Love. I have to call everyone back.        Daughter: I got an A in Chemistry.  Mom: WTF!  Daughter: Mom, what do you think WTF means?  Mom: Well That’s Fantastic.        Mom: What do IDK, LY & TTYL mean?  Son: I don’t know, love you, talk to you later.  Mom: Okay, I will ask your sister.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer...  I saw it through my telescope last night.
Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom?  Teacher: Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom?  Little Johnny: Okay, but I asked first!
My three-year-old daughter stuck out her hand and said, “Look at the fly I killed, Mommy.”  Since she was eating a juicy pickle at the time, I thrust her contaminated hands under the faucet and washed them with antibacterial soap. After sitting her down to finish her pickle, I asked, with a touch of awe, “How did you kill that fly all by yourself?”  Between bites, she said, “I hit it with my pickle.”
Yesterday at a job interview I filled my glass of water until it overflowed a little.  "Nervous?" asked the interviewer.  I replied, "No, I always give 110%."
My house is not messy...  I have just set up obstacles for any burglar that might want to test their luck.
To make something DIRT CHEAP, then make it out of CHEAP DIRT!
Patient: I have a problem doctor. I feel depressed and unhappy.  Doctor: You should cut down on your drinking.   Patient: I don't drink and have never touched a drop in my life.  Doctor: You should cut down on your smoking.   Patient: I don't smoke either doctor.  Doctor: You should cut down on womanizing.   Patient: Good heavens! I haven't had a girlfriend in my entire life.  Doctor: Your problem is you have no problems! Get yourself a drink, learn to smoke, find a girlfriend or two, and then you will be alright.
The first time my son was on a bike with training wheels, I shouted, "Step back on the pedals and the bike will brake!"  He nodded but still rode straight into a bush.  "Why didn’t you push back on the pedals?" I asked, helping him up.  "You said if I did, the bike would break."
A woman walks into a store that sells expensive rugs. She looks around and spots the perfect rug. As she bends to feel the texture of the rug she accidentally breaks wind. Very embarrassed she looks around nervously to see if anyone has noticed her little accident. She turns and sees that standing next to her is a salesman.  "Hello M'am. How may I help you today?"  Very uncomfortable she asks, "Sir, how much does this rug cost?"  He answers, "Well, you broke wind just touching it. I'm anxious to see what happens when you hear the price."
While volunteering in a soup kitchen, I hit it off with a very attractive, single man. It was a relief since my mother and I always laughed at the fact that the men I was drawn to were inevitably married.  So, optimistic about my chances, I asked my new friend what he did for a living.   He replied, “I’m a priest.”
At a psychiatrist's office: - Do you consume alcohol? - No. - Do you smoke? - No. - Do you use drugs? - No. - Do you play cards? - No. - Do you run after other women? - No. - So why did you come to me? - You see, doc, I have one little problem... I lie a lot. 
I was visiting a friend who could not find her cordless phone. After several minutes of searching, her young daughter spoke up.  “You know what they should invent? A phone that stays connected to its base so it never gets lost.”
A zookeeper is ordering new animals. As he fills out the forms, he types “two mongeese”. That doesn’t look quite right, so he tries two mongoose, and then two mongooses.   Giving up, he types, “One mongoose, and while you’re at it, send another one.”
“That’s a nice plant,” said a woman at the florist’s shop, pointing to the flower I was buying.  “Yeah, my wife and I had an argument,” I admitted. “I was going to buy her a dozen roses, but I don’t think she’s THAT mad at me.”
One night four college students were out partying late night and did't study for the test which was scheduled for the next day.  In the morning they thought of a plan. They made themselves look dirty with grease and dirt. They then went up to the Dean and said that they had gone out to a wedding last night and on their return the tire of their car burst and they had to push the car all the way back and that they were in no condition to take the test.  So the Dean said they can have the re-test after 3 days. They thanked him and said they will be ready by that time.  On the third day they appeared before the Dean. The Dean said that as this was a Special Condition Test, all four were required to sit in separate classrooms for the test. They all agreed as they had prepared well in the last 3 days.  The Test consisted of 2 questions with the total of 100 Marks.  Q.1. Your Name…………………….( 2 MARKS ) Q.2. Which tire burst?……………( 98 MARKS )  a) Front Left b) Front Right c) Back Left d) Back Right
A chicken and a goat decided to take a walk.  As they were walking, a car drove past them with speed and splashed some water on them. The chicken took offence and said, “Look at how they drive, like goats!” And the goat replied, “No wonder they die like chickens.”
Q:   What do you get when you combine a Christmas tree with an iPad?  A:   A pine-apple.
A wise man once said...  Nothing.
There are three kinds of men in this world...  Some remain single and make wonders happen.   Some have girlfriends and see wonders happen.  The rest get married and wonder what happened???
A ragged individual stranded for several months on a small, deserted island one day noticed a bottle lying in the sand with a piece of paper in it.  Rushing to the bottle, he pulled out the cork and with shaking hands pulled out the message.  "Due to lack of maintenance," he read, "we regretfully have found it necessary to cancel your e-mail account."
A lady is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet.  “I want you to stop eating regularly for two days, then skip a day, and repeat the procedure for two weeks. The next time I see you, you’ll have lost at least five pounds.  When the lady returns, she’s lost nearly 20 pounds.  “Why, that’s amazing!” the doctor says. “Did you follow my instructions?”  The lady nods. “I’ll tell you, though, I thought I was going to drop dead that third day.” “From hunger, you mean?” said the doctor.  “No, from skipping,” replied the lady.
Ban Pre-Shredded cheese!  Make America GRATE again!
What's the difference between a carpenter and an orthopaedic surgeon?  A carpenter knows more than one antibiotic!
A: Just look at that young person with the short hair and blue jeans. Is it a boy or a girl?   B: It’s a girl. She’s my daughter.   A: Oh, I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t know that you were her father.   B: I’m not. I’m her MOTHER.
Boy: The principal is so dumb! Girl: Do you know who I am? Boy: No... Girl: I am the principal's daughter! Boy: Do you know who I am? Girl: No... Boy: Good! *walks away*
"How the diet going?"  "Not good, I had eggs for breakfast."  "Scrambled?"   "No, chocolate."
My Granddaughter bought me one of those fancy do everything cell phones for my birthday. She said she'd come over on the weekend and show me how to use it.  The bad thing is I spilled some water on it and feeling horrible I called her up and told her what happened. She told me take out the battery, take out that card thingy dingy and put the phone in rice and leave it sealed in Tupperware over night.  I told her I'd call her back the minute I did all of that. When I called her back she asked what took to long. I told her that I do things the old fashioned way, I don't use that minute rice stuff and it took me twenty five minutes to cook the rice. She asked if I had submerged it in the rice yet and I told her that I had.  She paused for a moment and said, the rice trick doesn't always work. I'm sure it's going to work fine, I call her tomorrow after I get all of that sticky rice off of it tell her the good news. 
A husband returned home drunk late night. His wife opened the door. He said, " Sorry honey. I couldn't stop finishing a bottle whose brand name was same as yours!"   The next day the wife served breakfast. The man complained, "Oh honey, there's so much salt in this dish..."  The wife replied, "Sorry honey. I couldn't stop myself adding more salt since the brand name was same as yours."
As a Speech therapist, I was working with a preschooler on body part identification and the 'k' sound. To that end, I had him use Play-Doh to make a sculpture of me.  “Is that my neck?” I asked, trying to get him to repeat the word.  “No, that’s your chin,” he said.  He added more Play-Doh. “Is that my neck?” I asked.  “No, that’s your other chin.”
The phone bill was exceptionally high. Man called a family meeting to discuss the matter.  Dad: "This is unacceptable, I don't use the home phone, I use my work phone."  Mom: "Me too, I use my company phone. I hardly use the home phone."  Son: "I use my office mobile. I never use the home phone."  All of them shocked turned to look at the maid who was patiently listening to them all this time.   Maid: "What? So we all use our work phones, what is the big deal?"
A young man asked an old rich man how he made his money.  The old guy fingered his worsted wool vest and said, “Well, son, it was 1932. The depth of the Great Depression. I was down to my last nickel. “I invested that nickel in an apple. I spent the entire day polishing the apple and, at the end of the day, I sold the apple for ten cents.”  “The next morning, I invested those ten cents in two apples. I spent the entire day polishing them and sold them for 20 cents. I continued this system for a month, by the end of which I’d accumulated a fortune of $1.37.”  “Then my wife’s father died and left us two million dollars."
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water. 
What did the lawyer name his daughter?  Sue
A boy's grandma doesn't like eating her medicine. So the boy goes to the doctor and asked what he can do. The doctor tells him a trick. Put the medicine in the middle of some sweets!  So the boy buys some sweets and puts medicine in them. When he gets  home he give them to Grandma to eat. After eating her sweets the Grandson told his Grandma, “I am very happy to see that you have eaten all the sweets.”  Grandma replied, “Yes I ate all my sweets but I didn’t like the seeds inside them so I removed them before eating my sweets.”
TEACHER: Did your parents help with the homework John?   JOHN: Nope, I got them wrong all by myself.
If you told a cow a really funny joke, could she laugh so hard milk would come out her nose?
Little johnny is watching his father, a minister, prepare his Sunday sermon. "What are you doing?" he asks.  "Preparing my sermon for tomorrow" his father answers.  "But how do you know what to write?" asks little johnny.  "I write what God tells me," was the reply.  Little johnny thinks about this for a second and then asks, "So why do you keep on crossing out?"
Mary was almost crazy with her three kids. She complained to her best friend, "They're driving me nuts. Such pests, they give me no rest."  "What you need is a playpen to separate the kids from yourself," her friend said.  So Mary bought a playpen.  A few days later, her friend called to ask how things were going.  "Superb! I can't believe it," Mary said. "I get in that pen with a good book and the kids don't bother me one bit!"
A preacher was looking for a good used lawnmower one day. He found one at a yard sale that Little Johnny happened to be manning.  "This mower work, son?" the preacher asked.  Little Johnny said, "Sure does, just pull on the cord hard, though."  The preacher took the mower home and when he got ready to mow he yanked and pulled and tugged on that cord. Nothing worked. It wouldn't start.  Thinking he'd been swindled, he took the mower back to Little Johnny's house. "You said this would work if I pulled on the cord hard enough."  "Well," Johnny said, "you need to curse at it sometimes."  The preacher was aghast. "I've not done that in years!"  "Just keep yanking on that cord, Preacher. It'll come back to you."
On a beautiful sunny summer morning there were two cows in a field.  The first cow said "mooo" and the second cow said "baaaaaa."  The first cow was surprised and asked the second cow, "Why did you say "baaaaa?"  The second cow replied, "I am learning a foreign language."
A manager in a large company noticed a new man one day and told him to come into his office. "What is your name?" was the first thing the manager asked the new guy.  "John," the new guy replied.  The manager scowled, "Look, I don't know what kind of a place you worked at before, but I don't call anyone by their first name! It breeds familiarity and that leads to a breakdown in authority. I refer to my employees by their last name only -- Smith, Jones, Baker -- that's all. I am to be referred to only as Mr. Robertson. Now that we got that straight, what is your last name?"  The new guy sighed and said, "Darling. My name is John Darling."  "Okay, John, the next thing I want to tell you is..."
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
Q: What did the fish say when he swam into a cement wall?  A: "Dam."
A curious child asked his mother: “Mommy, why are some of your hairs turning grey?”  The mother tried to use this occasion to teach her child: “It is because of you, dear. Every bad action of yours will turn one of my hairs grey!”  The child replied innocently: “Now I know why grandmother has only grey hairs on her head.”
Two young boys were spending the night at their grandparents the week before Christmas.  At bedtime, the two boys knelt beside their beds to say their prayers when the youngest one began praying at the top of his lungs.   "I PRAY FOR A NEW BICYCLE..."  "I PRAY FOR A NEW NINTENDO..."  "I PRAY FOR A NEW STEREO..."   His older brother leaned over and nudged the younger brother and said, "Why are you shouting your prayers? God isn't hard of hearing."   The little brother replied, "No, but Grandma is!"
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home."  I went over. Nobody was home.
Why did the sheep get a parking ticket?  Because he was a baa-aaa-aad driver.
As part of the admission procedure in a hospital, a nurse will ask the patient if they are allergic to anything. If they are, the nurse prints it on an allergy band that goes on the patient's wrist.  Once when the nurse asked an elderly woman if she had any allergies, the woman said she couldn't eat bananas.  Several hours later a very irate son came out to the nurses station demanding, "Who's responsible for labeling my mother 'Bananas'?"
How many PHILOSOPHERS does it take to change a light bulb?  TWO: One to argue it's not dark.  The other to argue that true light is impossible.
Doctors were told to contribute to the construction of a new wing at the hospital. What did they do?  The allergists voted to scratch it. The dermatologists preferred no rash moves. The podiatrists thought it was a big step forward.  The gastroenterologists had a gut feeling about it. The ophthalmologists considered the idea short-sighted. The neurologists thought the administration had a lot of nerve.  The orthopedists issued a joint resolution. The pediatricians said, "grow up." The psychiatrists thought it was madness.  The surgeons decided to wash their hands of the whole thing. The radiologists could see right through it. The internists thought it was a hard pill to swallow.  The cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no. And the plastic surgeons said, "this puts a whole new face on the matter."
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card?  The thief was spending less than his wife.
My cousin, a teacher, asked her young students, "Why should you never accept candy from strangers?"   One girl knew. "Because it might be past the sell-by date." 
All parents are proud of overachieving children, and one father was no exception...   The bumper sticker on his car read "My Kid Made Your License Plate".
You wanna hear a dirty joke?  A boy fell in a mud puddle.  You wanna hear a clean joke?  He took a bath.
There are three men in the military practicing skydiving. The first man jumps out and a swiss army knife falls out of his pocket. The second man jumps out and a kitchen knife falls out of his pocket. The third jumps out and a grenade falls out of his pocket. When they land, they go and look for the things they drop because they could have really hurt someone.  The first man is running along the street and sees a little boy crying. "Little boy, why are you crying?" he asks. The boy says, "A swiss army knife fell out of the sky and killed my cat!"  The second man is running along a street and sees a little girl crying. "Little girl, why are you crying?" he asks. The girl says, "A big kitchen knife fell from the sky and killed my puppy!"  The third man is running down a street and sees a little boy laughing hysterically. "Little boy, why are you laughing?" he asks. The boy says, "My dad farted and the house blew up!"
We were shopping for clothes when my 13-year-old daughter spotted a hat with "Guinness" written on it.   She put it on and proclaimed, "Look! I’m a genius!"
On the first day of college, the Dean addressed the students:  "The female dormitory is out-of-bounds for all male students, and the male dormitory is to the female students. Anyone caught breaking this rule will be fined $20 the first time. Second violation will be a $60 fine.  Third time will cost you a fine of $180. Are there any questions?"  A male student inquired, "How much for a season pass?"
A husband and wife had a fight.  Wife called her mom: He fought with me again, I am coming to stay with you.  Mom: No dear, he must pay for his mistake. I am coming to stay with you!
A baby turtle was standing at the bottom of a large tree and with a deep sigh, started to climb. About an hour later, he reached a very high branch and walked along to the end. He turned and spread all four flippers and launched himself off the branch. On landing at the bottom in a pile of soft, dead leaves, he shook himself off, walked back to the bottom of the tree and with a sigh started to climb.  About an hour later, he again reached the very high branch, walked along, turned, spread his flippers and flung himself off the branch. Again, he landed on the bottom, shook himself off, went to the bottom of the tree, sighed and started climbing.  Watching these proceedings from the end of the branch were two birds. The Momma bird turned to Daddy bird and said, "Don't you think it's time we told him he was adopted?"
"Where is Pearl Harbor?" I asked my fourth-grade history class. "Here’s a hint... It’s a place where everyone wants to go."  One student blurted out, "Candy Land!"
Doctor: Your Liver is enlarged.  Patient: Does that mean it has space for more whisky?
It's time for me to get a new masseuse...  The one I have now just rubs me the wrong way!
Son: Dad, I want to get married.  Father: First, tell me you're sorry.  Son: For what?  Father: Say sorry.  Son: But for what ? What did I do?  Father: Just say sorry.  Son: But...what have i done wrong ?  Father: Say sorry!  Son: WHY?  Father: Say sorry!!  Son: Please, just tell me why?  Father: Say sorry!!!  Son: OK, Dad...i'm sorry!  Father: There ! You're finished training. When you learn to say sorry for no reason at all, then you're ready to get married!
I thought growing old GROWING OLD would take longer!
A man working with an electric saw accidentally cuts off all of his fingers. At the emergency room, his doctor says, "Give me the fingers, and I'll see what I can do."  The injured man replies, "But I don't have the fingers!"  "Why didn't you bring them?" the doctor asks.  The injured man responds, "Doc, I couldn't pick them up."  
A blonde driving a car became lost in a snowstorm. She didn't panic however, because she remembered what her dad had once told her. "If you ever get stuck in a snowstorm, just wait for a snow plow to come by and follow it." Sure enough, pretty soon a snow plow came by, and she started to follow it. She followed the plow for about forty-five minutes. Finally the driver of the truck got out and asked her what she was doing. And she explained that her dad had told her if she ever got stuck in a snow storm, to follow a plow.   The driver nodded and said, "Well, I'm done with the Wal-Mart parking lot, do you want to follow me over to Best Buy now?
Sign on wine truck...  In case of ACCIDENT:  BRING LOTS OF CHEESE AND CRACKERS!!!
One day a man goes to a pet shop to buy a parrot. The assistant takes the man to the parrot section and asks the man to choose one.  The man asks, ''How much is the yellow one?''  The assistant says, ''$2000.''  The man is shocked and asks the assistant why it's so expensive.   The assistant explains, ''This parrot is a very special one. He knows typewriting and can type really fast.''  ''What about the green one?'' the man asks.  The assistant says, ''He costs $5000 because he knows typewriting and can answer incoming telephone calls and takes notes.''  ''What about the red one?'' the man asks.  The assistant says, ''That one's $10,000.''  The man says, ''What does he do?''  The assistant says, ''I don't know, but the other two call him boss.''
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He's not breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911.  "I think my friend is dead!" he yells. "What can I do?"  The operator says, "Calm down. First, let's make sure he's dead."  There's a silence, then a shot. Back on the phone, the guy says, "Okay, now what?"
One day teacher asked Sam if his father helped him with his homework.  Sam simply said - “No, he did it all by himself”! 
A housewife answered the door bell to find two beggars outside. "So you're begging in two's now?" she asked.  "No, only for today," one of them replied. "I'm showing my replacement the ropes before going on vacation."
Man: Your place or mine? Woman: Both. You go to yours and i will go to mine.
What did the gangster's son tell his dad when he failed his school examination?   "Dad, they questioned me for 3 hours but I told them nothing!"
I Changed all my passwords to 'incorrect."  Whenever I forget, it will tell me: "Your password is incorrect."  
Son: Daddy, I got punished in school today.  Dad: Why?  Son: My teacher pointed the scale towards me saying, "At the end of this scale there is an idiot.".  I just asked "Which end?".
Did you hear about the cannibal who kept getting stomach aches? He went to the 'good witch doctor' who couldn't figure out what was wrong. He gave the cannibal a medicine and sent him home.  The next day the cannibal came back to the witch doctor and complained of cramps and pains. The witch doctor asked him a bunch of questions and could not figure out what was wrong. As a last resort, the witch doctor asked the cannibal if he had eaten anything strange. The cannibal replied "No."   "Well, what are you eating?" the witch doctor asked.  "The usual," replied the cannibal, "You know just a couple of those Missionaries every now and then."   "Missionaries?" replied the witch doctor. "Just how do you cook them?" he asked.  "The normal way" answered the cannibal as he described the technique. "I boil a lot of water in the big pot, add a little seasoning, a few herbs and vegetables" he further related.  Well, that sounded right to the witch doctor so he pressed a little further. "So, describe these missionaries to me?" he asked.  "Well," replied the cannibal, "you know the ones, they wear those brown robes, wear those sandals on their feet, and they have that bald spot on top of their head."  "THAT'S IT!" exclaimed the witch doctor, "That's your problem! Those are friars... not boilers!!!"
MARRIAGE is a fancy word for adoption of an overgrown MAN-CHILD that can't take care of himself.
A well respected surgeon was relaxing on his sofa one evening just after arriving home from work. As he was tuning into the evening news, the phone rang. The doctor calmly answered it and heard the familiar voice of a colleague on the other end of the line.  "We need a fourth for poker," said the friend. "I'll be right over," whispered the doctor.  As he was putting on his coat, his wife asked, "Is it serious?"  "Oh yes, quite serious," said the doctor gravely. "In fact, three doctors are there already!"
Eight-year-old Sally brought her report card home from school. Her marks were good…mostly A’s and a couple of B’s.  However, her teacher had written across the bottom:  Sally is a smart little girl, but she has one fault. She talks too much in school. I have an idea I am going to try, which I think may break her of the habit.  Sally’s dad signed her report card, putting a note on the back:  Please let me know if your idea works on Sally because I would like to try it out on her mother. 
One evening I was in a bar talking to my friend.   "Last night, while I was out drinking, a burglar broke into my house.."   "Did he get anything?" asked my friend.    "Yes," I said.    "A broken jaw, six teeth knocked out, and a pair of broken ribs. My wife thought it was me coming home drunk!"
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish.  The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home.   The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family.   The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here."
3 drunk guys entered a taxi. The taxi driver knew that they were drunk so he started the engine & turned it off again. Then said, "We have reached your destination". The 1st guy gave him money & the 2nd guy said "Thank you". The 3rd guy slapped the driver. The driver was shocked thinking the 3rd drunk knew what he did. But then he asked "What was that for?". The 3rd guy replied, "Control your speed next time, you nearly killed us!" 
A guy is sitting at home when he hears a knock at the door. He opens the door and sees a snail on the porch. He picks up the snail and throws it as far as he can. Three years later, there’s a knock on the door. He opens it and sees the same snail. The snail says -  "What the hell was that all about?"
A man walks into a bar, sits down next to a beautiful woman and says, " Hi I'm Dave".  She looks at him and says, "I know Dave, we went to high school together".  He says, "I would have remembered you from high school."  She says, "Dave, it's me Richard. I'm a woman now."  Dave looks at her in disbelief, "Wow, well they did a good job! Did it hurt when they gave you those breast?"  "No, they just gave me some pills to make them grow bigger." "Well did it hurt when they uh, you know, down there?"  "No, its a pretty routine surgery now, just had a little discomfort. I have to tell you the worst pain with the whole thing is when they stuck a vacuum in my ear and sucked out half of my brain."
Why did the germ cross the microscope?   To get to the other slide.
One day at the end of class, little Johnny's teacher asks the class to go home and think of a story to be concluded with the moral of that story. The following day the teacher asks for the first volunteer to tell their story.   Little Suzy raises her hand. "My dad owns a farm and every Sunday we load the chicken eggs on the truck and drive into town to sell them at the market. Well, one Sunday we hit a big bump and all the eggs flew out of the basket and onto the road." When the teacher asked for the moral of the story, Suzy replied, "Don't keep all your eggs in one basket."   Little Lucy went next. "My dad owns a farm too. Every weekend we take the chicken eggs and put them in the incubator. Last weekend only eight of the 12 eggs hatched."; Again, the teacher asked for the moral of the story. Lucy replied, "Don't count your chickens before they hatch."   Next up was little Johnny. "My uncle Ted fought in the Vietnam war, and his plane was shot down over enemy territory. He jumped out before it crashed but could only take a case of beer, a machine gun and a machete. On the way down, he drank the case of beer. Then he landed right in the middle of 100 Vietnamese soldiers. He shot 70 with his machine gun, but then he ran out of bullets! So he pulled out his machete and killed 20 more. Then the blade on his machete broke, so he killed the last ten with his bare hands." The teacher looked a little shocked. After clearing her throat, she asked what possible moral there could be to this story. "Well," Johnny replied, "Don't mess with Uncle Ted when he's been drinking."
(Father) Your mother tells me your first prom dance is coming up! (Son) Yes, but I don’t think I’m going.  What if I ask a girl and she says no?  (Father) Son, never fear rejection. Just keep asking until some nice young lady accepts your invitation.  (Son) Did you go to your first prom dance? (Father) I sure did and I never let rejection hold me back!  (Son) Does this mean the first girl you asked said no? (Father) Yes. In fact, many said no but I didn’t give up.   (Son) Did you have fun?  (Father) I sure did! And if you don’t believe me, ask your Aunt Suzy, we had a ball.
Two priests were riding very fast on a motorcycle. They were promptly stopped by a policeman who said, “What do you think you are doing?“  “What if you have an accident? The priests say, “Don’t worry, my son. God is with us.”  The policeman says, “In that case, I have to book you. Three people are not allowed to ride on a motorcycle."
An insurance agent called our medical office. One of our doctors had filled out a medically necessary leave-of-absence form for a patient, but the agent said the patient had altered it.  The giveaway?  The return-to-work date had been changed to February 30.
Two men, an American and an Indian were sitting in a bar and discussing about their family problems..  The Indian man said to the American, 'We have problem in India we can't marry the one whom we love, You know my parents are forcing me to get married to this so called homely girl from a village whom I haven't even met once. We call this arranged marriage. I don't want to marry a woman whom I don't love... I told them that openly and now have a lot of family problems.  The American said, talking about love marriages... In America We can marry the one whom we love. I'll tell you my story. I married a widow whom I deeply loved and dated for 3 years. After a couple of years, my father fell in love with my step-daughter and married her, so my father became my son-in-law and I became my father's father-in-law. Legally now my daughter is my mother and my wife my grandmother. More problems occurred when I had a son. My son is my father's brother and so he is my uncle.  Situations turned worse when my father had a son. Now my father's son, my brother is my grandson. Ultimately, I have become my own grandfather and I am my own grandson.And you say you have family problems.  The Indian fainted........!
What do you call a girl on the beach with no arms and no legs?  Sandy  What was here friends name?  Shelly  What do you call a boy with no arms and no legs on the porch?  Matt  What do you call a boy with no arms and no legs in the ocean?  Bob  What do you call a girl with one leg longer than the other?  Eileen  
In bed: It's 6 am, you close your eyes for 5 minutes, it's 7:45 am.  At school/work: It's 1:30 pm, you close your eyes for 5 minutes, it's still 1:30 pm.
What did the bunny give his girlfriend when he asked her to marry him?   A 13-carrot ring!  
Sardar was given the job of painting the white lines down the middle of a highway.  On his first day he painted six miles; the next day three miles; the following day less than a mile.  Then the foreman asked Sardar why he kept painting less each day?  He replied, “I just can’t do any better. Each day I keep getting farther away from the paint can.”
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.
"Hello, and welcome to the mental health hotline..."  - If you are obsessive-compulsive, press 1 repeatedly.  - If you are co-dependent, please ask someone to press 2 for you.  - If you have multiple personalities, press 3, 4, 5, and 6.  - If you are paranoid, we know who you are and what you want. Stay on the line so we can trace your call.  - If you are delusional, press 7 and your call will be transferred to the mother ship.  - If you are schizophrenic, listen carefully and a small voice will tell you which number to press.  - If you are a manic-depressive, it doesn't matter which number you press, no one will answer.  - If you are dyslexic, press 9696969696969696  - If you have a nervous disorder, please fidget with the pound key until a representative comes on the line.  - If you have amnesia, press 8 and state your name, address, telephone  number, date of birth, social security number, and your mother's maiden name.  - If you have post-traumatic stress disorder, s-l-o-w-l-y & c-a-r-e-f-u-l-l-y press 0 0 0.  - If you have bi-polar disorder, please leave a message after the beep or before the beep or after the beep. Please wait for the beep. - If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. If you have short-term memory loss, press 9.  - If you have low self-esteem, please hang up. All operators are too busy  to talk to you."  - If you are menopausal, hang up, turn on the fan, lie down & cry. You  won't be crazy forever.  "Thank You and Have a  Nice Day!"
A woman and a baby were in the doctor's examining room, waiting for the doctor to come in for the baby's first exam.  The doctor arrived, and examined the baby, checked his weight, and being a little concerned, asked if the baby was breastfed or bottle-fed.  "Breastfed", she replied.  "Well, strip down to your waist." The doctor ordered.  She did. He pinched her nipples, pressed, kneaded, and rubbed both breasts for a while in a very professional and detailed examination.  Motioning to her to get dressed, the doctor said, "No wonder this baby is underweight. You don't have any milk."  "I know", she said, "I am his Grandma."
Teacher: Suppose you have $10 and you asked your brother for $5.  How much would you have then?  Student: $10  Teacher: why?  Student: My brother wont give me any.
Why do Barbers make for good drivers?  Because they know all the short cuts!
Ravi: How does your family all use just one car?  Bhanu: It's simple. My wife uses it for shopping and to run errands, my son uses it for school, and I use it to go to the gas station to fill-up again.
103 passengers and only 40 meals got loaded on a INDIA to US flight.   The Airline had messed up, and the crew was in a fix. However, one smart flight attendant has an idea. About 30 minutes into the flight she nervously announces, "I don't know how this happened but we have 103 passengers and only 40 dinners.".  When the passengers muttering had died down she continued, "Anyone who is kind enough to give up his/ her meal so that someone else can eat, will receive free unlimited liquor during the entire duration of the flight.".  Her next announcement came an hour and a half later, "if anyone wants to change his/her mind we still have 40 dinners available!".
I had finished my Christmas shopping early and had wrapped all the presents. Having two curious children, I had to find a suitable hiding place. I chose an ideal spot—the furnace room. I stacked the presents and covered them with a blanket, positive they’d remain undiscovered.  When I went to get the gifts to put them under the tree, I lifted the blanket and there, stacked neatly on top of my gifts, were presents addressed to "Mom and Dad, From the Kids."
A policeman pulled over a car, walked up to the driver’s window, and asked the man if he knew why he was pulled over. “No,” the man replied.  “You failed to stop at the stop sign,” the cop explained.  "But I did slow down!” the guy argued.  The cop shook his head. “You are required to stop. That’s why they’re called stop signs.”  The man started to get belligerent. “Stop, slow down – what’s the difference?”  The cop pulled out his baton. “I can show you. I’m going to start hitting you with my baton. You tell me if you want me to stop or slow down.
“That’s a nice plant,” said a woman at the florist’s shop, pointing to the flower I was buying.  “Yeah, my wife and I had an argument,” I admitted. “I was going to buy her a dozen roses, but I don’t think she’s that mad at me.”
"Why did they arrest you?"  "They said I was shopping too early."  "Well, that's not a crime. How early were you shopping?"  "Before the store opened."
A wealthy old lady decides to go on a photo safari in Africa, taking her poodle along for company. One day the poodle starts chasing butterflies and before long, discovers that he's lost.  Wandering about, he notices a hungry-looking leopard heading rapidly in his direction. The poodle thinks, "Oh, oh!"  Noticing some bones on the ground close by, he immediately settles down to chew on the bones with his back to the approaching cat.  Just as the leopard is about to leap, the poodle exclaims loudly, "Boy, that was one delicious leopard! I wonder if there are any more around here?" Hearing this, the leopard halts his attack in mid-strike, a look of terror comes over him and he slinks away into the trees. "Whew!", says the leopard, "That was close! That poodle nearly had me!"    Meanwhile, a monkey who had been watching the whole scene from a nearby tree, figures he can put this knowledge to good use and trade it for protection from the leopard.  So off he goes, but the poodle sees him heading after the leopard with great speed, and figures that something must be up.  The monkey soon catches up with the leopard, spills the beans and strikes a deal for himself with the leopard. The leopard is furious at being made a fool of and says, "Here, monkey, hop on my back so you can watch me chew that poodle to bits!"   Now, the poodle sees the leopard coming with the monkey on his back and thinks, "What am I going to do now?", but instead of running, the dog sits down with his back to his attackers, pretending he hasn't seen them yet, and waits until they get just close enough to hear. "Where's that damn monkey?" the poodle says, "I sent him off an hour ago to bring me another leopard!"
After having failed his exam in Logistics and Organization, a student goes and confronts his lecturer about it.  Student, “Sir, do you really understand anything about the subject?”  Professor, “Surely I must. Otherwise I would not be a professor!”  Student, “Great, well then I would like to ask you a question. If you can give me the correct answer, I will accept my mark as is and go. If you however do not know the answer, I want you give me an ‘A’ for the exam.”  Professor, “Okay, it’s a deal. So what is the question?”  Student: “What is legal, but not logical, logical, but not legal, and neither logical, nor legal?”  Even after some long and hard consideration, the professor cannot give the student an answer, and therefore changes his exam mark into an ‘A’, as agreed.  Afterwards, the professor calls on his best student and asks him the same question.  He immediately answers, “Sir, you are 63 years old and married to a 35 year old woman, which is legal, but not logical. Your wife has a 25 year old lover, which is logical, but not legal. The fact that you have given your wife’s lover an ‘A’, although he really should have failed, is neither legal, nor logical.
A frustrated husband sits in front of his laptop:   Dear Google, please do not behave like my wife... please allow me to complete my sentence before you start guessing and suggesting.  Thanks. 
Teacher: Johnny, where were you born?  Little Johnny: Los Angeles  Teacher: Which part?  Little Johnny: What do you mean which part? The whole body was born in Los Angeles.
At a wedding ceremony, the pastor asked if anyone had anything to say concerning the union of the bride and groom. Everything quickly turned to chaos when a woman carrying a child started walking towards the front.  Everybody was surprised, shocked, and the bride even fainted. The pastor asked the woman if she had anything to say.   The woman replied, "We can't hear in the back."
One snowman asks another, "Do you smell carrots?"
Why does Snoop Dogg have carpet in his bathroom?  Fo' DRIZZLE!!!
A Wife checks husbands mobile and find all girls numbers saved in the following order:  New Bird Neighbor Bird Old Bird Upstairs Bird Insurance Bird College Bird Super market Bird  Finally she checks her name and it was saved as...  Angry Bird
A customer was continually bothering the waiter in a restaurant, at first he’d asked that the air conditioning be turned up because he was too hot, then he asked it be turned down because he was too cold, and so on for about half an hour.  Surprisingly, the waiter was very patient, he walked back and forth and never once got angry. So finally, a second customer asked him why he didn’t throw out the pest.  “Oh, that man I don’t care.” said the waiter with a smile. “We don’t even have an air conditioner.”
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90% of their body.  Men are so polite they only look at the covered parts!
I have decided to RETIRE and live off my savings...  Though I'm not sure what I will use the second week...
Last year i was approved to join a location procrastination club...  We have not met yet.
I went to a new bank in town to open a joint account.  When they got to the point in the application where they ask for the second name on the account, my reply was, "Anyone who has a lot of money."
The 104-year-old building that had served as the priory and primary student residence of the small Catholic university where I work was about to be demolished. As the wrecker’s ball began to strike, I sensed the anxiety and sadness experienced by one of the older monks whose order had founded the college.   "This must be difficult to watch, Father," I said. "The tradition associated with that building, the memories of all the students and monks who lived and worked there. I can’t imagine how hard this must be for you."  "It’s worse than that," the monk replied. "I think I left my Palm Pilot in there."
A cop pulls over a lady for speeding and gives her a ticket saying, "That's $150 and two points."   "Two points? What do I do with the points?" she asks.  "Well," says the cop, "when you get twelve, you get a bike!"
A woman was found guilty in traffic court and when asked for her occupation she said she was a schoolteacher. The judge rose from the bench. "Madam, I have waited years for a schoolteacher to appear before this court."  He smiled with delight. "Now sit down at that table and write, 'I will not run a red light' five hundred times."
A couple’s only daughter had just graduated from law school. Her parents were very surprised to find out she had recently become engaged to a man they had never met. The daughter also announced that she’d be bringing her fiancee over to meet them that evening.  The moment the parents opened front door to greet them the warm welcoming smiles on faces of both parents completely vanished. Their open happy expressions were instantly replaced by a look not far from shock.   The young man in their doorway had an athletic build, chiseled features with a picture perfect bright smile! He was wearing a silk tie a tailored suite along with expensive Italian shoes. He didn’t have one hair out of place on his head and when he spoke his deep confident voice was absolutely mesmerizing. His charismatic presence seemed to command respect and admiration though his demeanor was open and friendly.   By this time both of the parents were visibly shaken making this quite an awkward moment for all concerned. Silently wincing the mother almost broke out in tears as she shook the young mans firm yet warm gentle hand.   Only able to make partial eye contact and with a slight tremble in his voice the father hesitantly asked the young man what he did for a living.  The young man replied: I’m a used car salesman!   A huge sigh of relief came over both parents as they instantly resurrected their welcoming smiles once again. The father said we’re so happy to hear that son, for a moment there we thought you might be a politician.
During an Interview  the Employer asked the Candidate  Employer :  'How long did u work during your last job?  Candidate : 30 years.  Employer : What's your age?  Candidate : 20 years.  The Employer was surprised and asked the candidate that how it is possible that you are 20 and have a experience of 30 years.  Candidate : Overtime.
A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich.  The bartender looks at him and says, "Hang on! You're a duck."  "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck.  "And you can talk!" exclaims the bartender.  "I see your ears are working, too," says the duck. "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"  "Certainly, sorry about that" says the bartender as he pours the duck a pint. "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub. What are you doing around this way?"  "I'm working on the building site across the road," explains the duck. "I'm a plasterer."  The flabbergasted bartender cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.  So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves.  The same thing happens for two weeks.  Then one day the circus comes to town.  The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the bartender says to him:  "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!"  "Sounds marvelous," says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. "Get him to give me a call."  So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the bartender says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money."  "I'm always looking for the next job," says the duck. "Where is it?"  "At the circus," says the bartender.  "The circus?" repeats the duck.  "That's right," replies the bartender.  "The circus?" the duck asks again. "With the big TENT?"  "Yeah!" the bartender replies.  "With all the animals who live in CAGES, and performers who live in CARAVANS?" says the duck.  "Of course," the bartender replies.  "And the tent has CANVAS sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck.  "That's right!" says the bartender.  The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says: "What would they want with a plasterer???"
A couple drove down a country road for several miles, not saying a word. An earlier discussion had led to an argument and neither of them wanted to concede their position. As they passed a barnyard of mules, goats and cows, the husband asked sarcastically, "Relatives of yours?" "Yep," the wife replied, "in-laws!"
Lady: My husband keeps talking in his sleep. Doctor: Just allow him to speak during the day, and he will be alright. 
Three prominent politicians in boarded the same flight to from New York to England.  The first Politician started, “I can throw one $1000 note down and make one person laugh.”  “I can make two persons laugh with just two $500 notes.” the second politician replied.  The third politician retorted, “With just five pieces of $200 I can make five people laugh.”  The pilot then looked at the politicians and added, “I’m the pilot here, meaning I can throw all of you down and make more than 150 million people laugh.” 
Love is like peeing yourself – everyone can see but only you feel the warmth.
If God had wanted me to touch my toes...  He would have put them on my knees!
As I was going to visit a friend, I saw my neighbor’s little child at the street corner holding two dollars and crying. I asked him, ”Junior, what is the matter?”  He replied, ”My mummy gave me one dollar to buy sugar and one dollar to buy soy milk, and now I can't remember which dollar is for sugar and which dollar is for the milk.” 
Three strings were standing outside of a bar, a bar that doesn't serve strings...  One string says to the other two strings: "I'm sure I can get served" and enters the bar, he walks up to the bar and asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender looks up and asks: "Aren't you a string"? and the string replies: "yes". The bartender then says: "I'm sorry but we don't serve strings in this bar" ...so the string ducks his head and leaves the bar.  The other two strings waiting outside immediately asked what happened, the string tells them he didn't get served and wants to leave, the second string says: "I'm pretty certain I can get served, you just have to act cool", so he enters the bar, starts jamming to the music and dances up to the bar and says: "Bartender, give a cold brewsky"! The bartender looks up at him, sees he's a string and says: "sorry but we don't serve strings in this bar" ...so the string ducks his head and leaves the bar. He tells the other two strings waiting outside that he couldn't get served and he too wants to go home... the third string who's certain he has what it takes to get served says: "You just have to act like you've been here before" and quickly goes inside...   The third string getting real loud as he works his way through the bar says: "hey Bob, hey Jill, good seeing you! Wow was the band ever rockin' last night, boy was I wasted!... Yo' bartender!!, give me the usual Jack-n-Coke!!!" The bartender looks up at him, sees he's a string and says: "Sorry pal but we don't serve strings in this bar" ...instantly the third string turns and ducks his head toward the door when he suddenly gets this bright idea, he quickly ties himself in a knot, messes up his hair, walks back up to bar and says: "Bartender give me that drink!" ...the bartender looks up at him and says: "Hey! Aren't you a string?" and the string says: "No!, I'm a frayed knot!"
A cabbie picks up a nun. She gets into the cab, and notices that the VERY handsome cab driver won't stop staring at her. She asks him why he is staring.  He replies, "I have a question to ask you but I don't want to offend you."  She answers, "My son, you cannot offend me. When you're as old as I am and have been a nun as long as I have, you get a chance to see and hear just about everything. I'm sure that there's nothing you could say or ask that I would find offensive."  "Well, I've always had a fantasy to have a nun kiss me."  She responds, "Well, lets see what we can do about that: #1, you have to be single and #2, you must be Catholic."  The cab driver is very excited and says, "Yes, I'm single and Catholic!"  "OK" the nun says, "Pull into the next alley."  The nun fulfills his fantasy with a kiss that would make anyone blush. When they get back on the road, the cab driver starts crying. "My dear child," says the nun, "why are you crying?"  "Forgive me but I've sinned. I lied and I must confess, I'm married and I'm not a catholic."  The nun says, "That's OK My name is Gary and I'm going to a Halloween party."
PUPIL: "Would you punish me for something I did not do?"  TEACHER:" Of course not."  PUPIL: "Good, because I haven't done my homework."
I use Pantene. What do you use? Mark's. I use Dove soap. What do you use? Mark's. I use Olay lotion. What do you use? Mark's. Is Mark an international Brand? No, Mark is my roommate! 
I feel safe sharing secrets with my husband, as I know he will not share them with anyone.   How can I be so sure?  Because he never listens to me.
An elderly gentleman had serious hearing problems for a number of years. He went to the doctor and the doctor was able to have him fitted for a set of hearing aids that allowed the gentleman to hear 100%.  The elderly gentleman went back in a month to the doctor and the doctor said, "Your hearing is perfect. Your family must be really pleased that you can hear again."  The gentleman replied, "Oh, I haven't told my family yet. I just sit around and listen to the conversations. I've changed my will three times!".  
I was sharing with a friend my opinion that women should come with instructions.   She replied, "Why? It's not like men read the instructions anyway."
A boss was complaining in a staff meeting the other day that he wasn’t getting any respect. Later that morning he went to a local sign shop and bought a small sign that read, “I’m the Boss”. He then taped it to his office door.  Later that day when he returned from lunch, he found that someone had taped a note to the sign that said, “Your wife called, she wants her sign back!”
Teacher: Why are you late,  John?  John: Because of the sign down the road.  Teacher: What does sign have to do with you being late?  John: The sign said 'School Ahead, Go SLOW!'
An angry customer and an apologetic Domino’s Pizza:  Customer: Yo, I ordered a Pizza and it came with no toppings on it or anything, Its just plain bread!  Domino’s: We’re extremely sorry to hear about this.  Customer (minutes later): Never mind, I opened the pizza upside down!
Two little kids are in a hospital, lying on gurneys next to each other, outside the operating room.   The first kid leans over and asks, "What are you in here for?"   The second kid says, "I'm in here to get my tonsils out and I'm a little nervous."   The first kid says, "You've got nothing to worry about. I had that done when I was four. They put you to sleep, and when you wake up they give you lots of Jell-O and ice cream. It's a breeze."    The second kid then asks, "What are you here for?"   The first kid says, "A circumcision."   And the second kid says, "Whoa, Good luck, buddy, I had that done when I was born... Couldn't walk for a year."
For several years, a man was having an affair with an Italian woman. One night, she confided in him that she was pregnant.  Not wanting to ruin his reputation or his marriage, he said he would pay her a large sum of money if she would go to Italy to secretly have the child. Furthermore, if she stayed in Italy to raise the child, he would also provide child support until the child turned 18.  She agreed but asked how he would know when the baby was born. To keep it discreet, he told her to simply mail him a postcard, and write ”Spaghetti' on the back. He would then arrange for the child support payments to begin.  One day, about 9 months later, he came home to his confused wife.   "Honey" she said,"'you received a very strange post card today."  "Oh, just give it to me and I'll explain it later," he said.   The wife obeyed and watched as her husband read the card, turned white, and fainted.  On the card was written:  Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti Spaghetti  Three with meatballs, two without.  Send extra sauce
If con is the opposite of pro, then congress is the opposite of progress.
An old lady offers a bus driver some peanuts. So the driver happily eats them. Every 5 minutes she hands him another handful of peanuts.  Driver: "Why don't you eat them yourself?"  Old Lady: "I can't chew look I have no teeth."  Driver: "Then why do you buy them?"  Old lady: "I just love the chocolates around them."
Q: Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building?  A: Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
The basketball coach stormed into the university president's office and demanded a raise right then and there.  "Please," protested the college president, "you already make more than the entire History Department."  "Yeah, maybe so, but you don't know what I have to put up with," the coach blustered. "Look."  He went out into the hall and grabbed a jock who was jogging down the hallway. "Run over to my office and see if I'm there," he ordered.  Twenty minutes later the jock returned, sweaty and out of breath. "You're not there, sir," he reported.  "Oh, I see what you mean," conceded the president, scratching his head. "I would have phoned."
The boss called one of his employees into  the office. "Rob," he said, "you've been with the company for a year. You  started off as an office clerk, one week later you were promoted to a sales position, and one month after that you were promoted to district manager of the sales department.  Just four short  months later, you were promoted to vice-chairman. Now it's time for me to retire, and I want you to take over  the company. What  do you say to that?"  "Thanks," said the employee.  "Thanks?" the boss replied. "Is that all you can say?"  "I suppose not," the employee said. "Thanks, Dad."
Kid: Why is some of your hair white dad?  Dad: Every time you make me unhappy, one of my hairs turns white.  Kid: Now I understand why grandpa’s hair is all white!
Early one morning, a mother went in to wake up her son.  “Wake up, son.“  “But why, Mom? I don’t want to go.”  “Give me two reasons why you don’t want to go.”  “Well, the kids hate me for one, and the teachers hate me also!”  “Oh, that’s no reason not to go to school. Come on now and get ready.”  “Give me two reasons why I should go to school.”  “Well, for one, you’re 52 years old. And for another, you’re the PRINCIPAL!"
A guy asked his friend, "What are the advantages of living in Sweden?"  His friend replied, "Well, the flag is a big plus!"
A couple are sitting in their living room, sipping wine. Out of the blue, the wife says, “I love you!”  “Is that you or the wine talking?” asks the husband.  “It’s me,” says the wife. “Talking to the wine.”
A large group of ISIS fighters in Iraq are moving down a road when they hear a voice call from behind a sand dune: "One Marine is better than ten ISIS fighters."  The ISIS commander quickly orders 10 of best men over the dune where a gun battle breaks out and continues for a few minutes, then silence. The voice once again calls out: "One Marine is better than one hundred ISIS fighters.  Furious, the ISIS commander sends his next best 100 troops over the dune and instantly a huge gun fight commences. After 10 minutes of battle, again silence.  The voice calls out again: "One Marine is better than a thousand ISIS fighters."  The enraged ISIS commander musters 1,000 fighters and sends them to the other side of the dune. Rifle fire, machine guns, grenades, rockets and cannon fire ring out as a terrible fight is fought ... then silence. Eventually, one badly wounded ISIS fighter crawls back over the dune and with his dying words tells his commander, "Don't send any more men ... it's a trap. There's two of them." 
A young man was sitting in his office on the thirteenth floor, when someone came by and shouted: “Laloo, your daughter Sweety is badly injured in accident!"  Not knowing what to do, the young man jumped out of his office window in a panic.  While coming down when he was at tenth floor, he remembered he had no daughter named Sweety.  When he was near the fifth floor he remembered he was not married.  When he was about to hit the ground he remembered he was not Laloo.
A company, feeling it was time for a shakeup, hired a new CEO. The new boss was determined to rid the company of all slackers.  On a tour of the facilities, the CEO noticed a guy leaning against a wall and idly picking his teeth. The room was full of workers and he wanted to let them know that he meant business. He asked the guy,  "How much money do you make a week?"   A little surprised, the young man looked at him and said, "I make a little over $400 dollars a week, why?  The CEO said,"Wait right here."   He walked back to his office, came back in two minutes, and handed the guy $1,600 in cash and said, "Here's four weeks' pay. Now GET OUT and don't come back."  Feeling pretty good about himself the CEO looked around the room and asked,  "Does anyone want to tell me what that goof-ball did here?"  From across the room a voice said,  "Sure - he was the Pizza delivery guy from Domino's and was just waiting to collect the money!"
Rajiv and Priya are flying to Australia for a two-week vacation to celebrate their 40th anniversary.  Suddenly, over the public address system, the Captain announces, "Ladies and Gentlemen, I am afraid I have some very bad news. Our engines have ceased functioning and we will attempt an emergency landing. Luckily, I see an uncharted island below us and we should be able to land on the beach. However, the odds are that we may never be rescued and will have to live on the island for the rest of our lives."  Thanks to the skill of the flight crew, the plane lands safely on the island.  An hour later, Rajiv turns to his wife and asks, “Priya, did we pay our deposit cheque yet to ICICI Bank?”   “No, sweetheart” she responds.  Rajiv, still shaken from the crash landing, then asks, “Priya, did we pay our ICICI Bank Mastercard yet?”  “Oh no! I’m sorry. I forgot to send the cheque,” she says.  “One last thing, Priya. Did you remember to send cheques for the auto loan to them too this month?” he asks.  “Oh, forgive me, Rajiv,” begged Priya. “I didn’t send that one, either.”  Rajiv grabs her and gives her the biggest hug in 40 years. Priya pulls away and asks him, “So, why did you hug me?”  “Rajiv answers, “They’ll find us!”  
A woman has the last word in any argument.  Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
My doctor says she's been practicing medicine for ten years...  I asked her to call me when she's done practicing and gets serious.
Patient 1: "Why did you run away from the operation table?"  Patient 2: "The nurse was repeatedly saying 'don't get nervous', 'don't be afraid', 'be strong', 'this is a small operation only', things like that."  Patient 1: "So what was wrong in that? Why were you so afraid?"  Patient 2: "She was talking to the surgeon!"
When I stepped on the scale at my doctor’s office, I was surprised to see that I weighed 144 pounds.  “Why don’t you just take off that last four?” I joked to the nurse’s aide as she made a notation on my chart.  A few moments later, my doctor came in and flipped through the chart.  “I see you’ve lost weight,” he said. “You’re down to... 14 pounds???”
As a senior citizen on a fixed income I realize that the days of cheap cell phones are over...  Now, if I fall and hear a crack, I am hoping it's my leg and not my cell phone.
My credit is so bad, I received a credit card offer that was PRE-DECLINED.
Two scouts were making a lot of noise on a field trip. The scout master asked them to "please not yell" and to "go find firewood".   One scout turned to the other and said, "I’ve heard of this before, something about 'talk softly and carry a big stick!'"
My wife ran away with my best friend. A year later both of them were at my front door ringing the bell. They rang the bell for an hour straight. Reluctantly I answered the door.  They said they wanted to apologize for the way things happened. Boy, was I relieved, I thought he was trying to bring her back.
One day a green grape was walking down the road when he saw a purple grape, the green grape then started hollering, "Breathe dude Breathe!"
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger... Then it hit me.
My college son texted me a request for additional funds. He ended his text with "PLZ".   I asked him why he used the abbreviation. He said it was shorter than writing please.  I replied with, "No."  He asked why. I said it was shorter than writing yes. 
Recently I went to a new golf shop in the big city. I shopped and studied and finally selected the new clubs I wanted. As I was checking out and getting ready to pay, the cashier said, "Strip down, facing me".  Not sure what was going on and not being used to the big city ways, I did as she asked. When the hysterical shrieking and alarms finally subsided, I found out she was referring to how I should place my credit card in the card reader.  I've been asked to shop elsewhere in the future. They need to make their instructions to seniors a little clearer. I still don't think I looked that bad.
I'm really busy next week, I have two back to back appointments with my chiropractor on Wednesday...  I fired him once, but I took him back!
Two guys are at a bar, drunk and talking nonsense.  MAN 1:  I am planning on buying the world.  MAN 2:  That is crazy and makes no sense what-so-ever, you can't buy the world.  MAN 1:  Why not?  MAN 2:  Because, I am not going to sell it to you. 
An older couple is watching TV and the man kept changing the channel by mistake. His wife said, "Honey, you need to spend less time on social media. You do know TV doesn’t have a like button right?" 
I have to find a new gym... the one I have now isn't working out!
Once over the hill, I started to pick up speed!
I was at a tanning salon the other day and noticed a customer running off without paying...  I heard the cashier yell out, "You better get back here or I'll tan your backside!"
A motivational speaker, while addressing his audience, talked about the various achievements man has made today.   He said, "Today, man has built a ship to cross an ocean, fastest trains to travel across cities, and built planes to fly high in the skies like a bird..."  A gentleman from the audience interrupted, "Any yet, a man still cannot sit on a barbed wire like a bird does!"
Nostradamus made note that his prophesies came to him in bilateral form. He would first imagine the future in written word followed by visuals of the event some time after. Recently in France a secret chamber was discovered in the former residence of Nostradamus, proving his bilateral claim to be true.   Researchers found a waste paper basket with a single wad of paper in it which read:  There will be three beloved men who will come to power in the same century. These men will be called Chuck E Cheese, Ronald MacDonald and some guy named Jack.   Apparently after receiving the visuals, he decided to scrap this particular prophecy. 
A guy shows up late for work.   The boss yells, ‘You should’ve been here at 8.30!’   He replies. ‘Why? What happened at 8.30?’ 
We were all in the hospital for the last time with our family and at some point my Aunt asked who of us want coffee. We were all die hard coffee drinkers and we all agreed so my aunt said "ok, i'll bring full tray".  My Grandpa lifted his head for the last time  and said "rather bring the coffee in a cup, it's so hard to drink from the tray"  He was Amazing...
I went back to my home town a decided to visit the house I grew up in.  I ask the occupants if I could come inside. They said, "No!"  My parents can be so grouchy some times. 
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?  They each got six months 
I just did a computer rendition of what I'd look like fifty years from now.   Apparently fifty years from now I'll look like a hand full of dirt. 
Grandfather: Back in my day we didn’t need all these fancy gizmos for entertainment. We had a cardboard box and played with it for hours; now that’s real fun!   Grandson Billy: Really ?!?!  Billy’s mother: Yes Billy, of course they had fun. We are talking about a generation of kids who also ate mud pies!  
A man went to a pet shop looking to buy a parrot.  The shop had several parrots but one was priced much lower than the others. When the man asked why one was so much cheaper than the others, the pet shop owner assured the man that he did not want the cheaper one because it had a very foul mouth.  "I've tried everything, but I can't get him to stop cussing", he explained.  Eager to save some money, the man bought the parrot, sure he could teach the bird not to cuss. He too tried everything to stop the parrot's foul mouth.   Finally, in frustration, he put the bird in the freezer to cool off.  After a few minutes, he opened the freezer to find the parrot with a totally changed attitude.  "Please, I'll NEVER cuss again! Please let me out! By the way, what did the chicken do?"
One Spring afternoon, I came home to find two little girls on the steps of my building. Both were crying hard, shedding big tears. Thinking they might be hurt, I dropped my briefcase and quickly went over to them. "Are you all right?" I asked.  Still sobbing, one held up her doll. "My baby's arm came off," she said.  I took the doll and its disjointed arm. After a little effort and luck, the doll was again whole. "Thank you," came a whisper from the girl as I handed her the doll back. Next, looking into the tearful eyes of her friend, I asked, "And what's the matter with you, young lady?"  She wiped her cheeks and said, "Oh I'm okay, I was just helping her cry."
One day, a young girl went to the doctor with both sides of her face burned.  The doctor asked, "What happened?"  The girl replied, "Well, I was ironing my boyfriend's shirt until the phone rang. I picked it up and half my face was burnt!"  The doctor replied, "What about the other half?" The girl answered, "They called back!" 
A person went to an interview of a healthcare organization. After the first question he was disqualified.  Interview Board: Why do people have different kind of blood groups?  Applicant: Because mosquitoes love to enjoy different kind of flavors. 
My brain travels at the speed of light...  One second it’s here and the next it’s 186,000 miles away. 
What would happen if Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton married each other?   For the first time in history, the White House would demand a very large security deposit.  
A man and his wife are talking:  Man - "What would happen if I were to win the lottery?"  Woman - "I would take half and leave you in a heartbeat!"  Man - "I won twelve dollars, here's six now get out!"
I was at an ATM this morning and this older lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
While proudly showing off his new apartment to friends, a college student led the way into the den.  "What is the big brass gong and hammer for?" one of his friends asked.  "That is the talking clock", the man replied.  "How's it work?" the friend asked.  "Watch", the man said then proceeded to give the gong an ear shattering pound with the hammer.  Suddenly someone screamed from the other side of the wall "KNOCK IT OFF, YOU IDIOT!  It's two AM in the morning! 
After boarding and taking off for a long flight over the ocean, the speaker comes on with an important message for passengers.  "Ladies and Gentlemen, we are introducing you today  to the latest and newest aviation advancement in history. This plane is flying without a pilot or co-pilot. It is controlled by way of radio from the ground. Sit back and relax and enjoy your flight. Be assured that absolutely nothing can go wrong, absolutely nothing can go wrong, absolutely nothing can go wrong, absolutely nothing can go wrong. " 
I asked my psychiatrist why is it every time I eat sardines, I dream about being attacked by sharks. He answered, “It’s all about guilt and self payback.”   Considering how much money it cost for one hour of his time, he must dream about his watch turning all green and wrinkled.  
Man:  I know how to 'please' a woman.  Woman:  Good, then 'please' leave me alone.
I do not trip over things...  I just perform random gravity checks!
My mom has a lead foot, so I was not surprised when a state trooper pulled us over as we were driving through Georgia. Hoping to get off with a warning, mom tried to appear shocked when he walked up to the car.  "I have never been stopped like this before," she said to the officer.  "What do they usually do, ma'am," he asked, "shoot the tires out?"
Two opposing candidates for county office happened to be sitting next to each other in the local diner.  One turned to the other and said, "You know why I'm going to win this election? Because of my 'personal touch.' For example, I always tip waitresses really well and then ask them to vote for me."  "Oh, really?" replied the other. "I always tip a nickel and ask them to vote for you."
A woman took her dog to the parlor for a haircut and asked what it would cost. Being told that it would cost her $50, she was outraged.  "I only pay 30 bucks for my own haircut!" she said.  The groomer replied, "That may be true. But then you don't bite, do you?"
One night, Tim was walking home when, all of a sudden, a thief jumped on him.  Tim and the thief got tangle up and began to wrestle. They rolled about on the ground and Tim put up a tremendous fight. However, the thief managed to get the better of him and pinned him to the ground.  The thief then went through Tim's pockets and searched him.  All the thief could find on Tim was 25 cents.  The thief was so surprised at this that he asked Tim why he had bothered to fight so hard for 25 cents.  "Was that all you wanted?" Tim replied, "I thought you were after the five hundred dollars I've got in my shoe!"
John and Mary visit their pastor for marriage counseling.   The pastor gets up and hugs Mary, and sits down. He gets up and hugs Mary a second, and third time, and then turns to John and says, "See that, John. Mary needs that EVERY DAY! "  John replies, "Well, that's fine, Pastor. But I can't bring her over here except on Tuesdays and Thursdays. " 
Little Johnny: Dad, Is it true?  I heard that in some countries where arranged marriage is a custom, a man doesn't know his wife until he marries!   Father: Son, that happens everywhere, after marriage you find out everything!
How do you make Holy Water?  You boil the hell out of it!
The owner of a company tells his employees, “You worked very hard this year, therefore the company’s profits increased dramatically. As a reward, I ‘m giving everyone a check for $5,000!”  Thrilled, the employees gather round and high five one another.  “And if you work with the same zeal next year, I’ll sign those checks!”
What did the mortician say when his assistant suddenly quit on him?  "Go ahead, it's your funeral!"
Burns: Do you like to love? Allen: No. Burns: Like to kiss? Allen: No. Burns: What do you like? Allen: Lamb chops. Burns: Lamb chops. Could you eat two big lamb chops alone? Allen: Alone? Oh, no, not alone. With potatoes I could.
Resolutions You Can Keep...  1.) Gain at least 30 pounds.  2.) Read less.  3.) Stop exercising.  4.) Watch more TV.  5.) Procrastinate more.  6.) Start being superstitious.  7.) Spend more time at work.  8.) Stop bring lunch from home and eat out more.  9.) Sleep more.  10.) Start a new bad habit.
(Son)  Dad since I'm getting married next week do you have any advice?   (Dad) Well son, I've always been the man of the house. Do you know what I mean?   (Son)  I think so, I did notice that you do the dishes when ever you want!   (Dad) Exactly!   (Son) Anything else Dad?   (Dad) Yes, do them right after dinner.
Why are boardwalk models so thin?    It's so the outfit will look the same when you see it on a clothing hanger at the store.
Q: How did the butcher introduce his wife?  A: Meet Patty.  
Two satellites decided to get married.  The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible!
Teacher: "Anyone who thinks he's stupid may stand up!"  *Nobody stands up  Teacher: "I'm sure there are some stupid students over here!!"  *Little Johnny stands up  Teacher: "Ohh, Johnny you think you're stupid?"   Little Johnny: "No... i just feel bad that you're standing alone..."
OLD people have problems that you haven't even considered yet!  An 85-year-old man was requested by his Doctor for a sperm count as part of his physical Exam. The doctor gave the man a jar and said, "Take this jar home and bring back a semen sample tomorrow."  The next day the 85-year-old man reappeared at the doctor's office and gave him the jar, which was as clean and empty as on the previous day.  The doctor asked what happened and the man  explained, 'Well, doc, it's like this -- first I tried with my right hand, but nothing. Then I tried with my left hand, but still nothing. 'Then I asked my wife for help. She tried with her right hand, then with her left, still nothing. She tried with her mouth, first with the teeth in, then with her teeth out, still nothing.  'We even called up Arleen, the lady next door and she tried too, first with both hands, then an Armpit, and she even tried squeezin' it between Her knees, but still nothing.'  The doctor was shocked! 'You asked your neighbor?'   The old man replied, 'Yep, none of us could get the jar open.'
Wife's Diary: Tonight, I thought my husband was acting strange.  We went to a nice restaurant for dinner. I thought he was upset by the fact that I was a bit late, but he said nothing about it. I asked him what was wrong; He said, 'Nothing.' I asked him if it was something I had done. He said he wasn't upset, that it had nothing to do with me, and not to worry about it.  On the way home, I told him that I loved him. He smiled slightly, and kept driving. I can't explain his behavior I don't know why he didn't say, 'I love you, too.'  When we got home, I felt as if I had lost him completely, and again he said nothing. He continued to seem distant and absent.   Finally, I decided to go to bed. About 15 minutes later, he came to bed. He fell asleep - I cried. I don't know what to do. I'm sure his thoughts are with someone else. My life is a disaster.   Husband's Diary: Boat wouldn't start, can't figure it out!!
What did Mike Tyson's parents say when he told them that he wanted to be a boxer?  "Go ahead, knock yourself out!"
Why is Popeyes the best fast food chain around?  They fry their chicken in olive oil!
Don't ever tell a Doctor that you have the Bubonic Plague...  They'll look at you like you have the plague or something!
Some things are just better left unsaid...  Which I usually realize right after I've said them.
I had moved to South Carolina from New York and at that time, a vehicle inspection was required to register my car.  I was nervous. My car was in rough shape. I thought of New York State's rigorous inspections. Any number of problems might turn up that would be expensive to fix.  I drove down a country road and found a garage that had an inspection sign. When I told the mechanic what I needed, he circled the car, turned on the lights and honked the horn.  Then he attached a new sticker and asked me for the $3 fee.  I was shocked.  "Is that all you have to do"? I asked.  He answered, "Well, you drove it here, didn't you"?
This new technology is for the birds! I sure do miss those good old reliable manual typewriters that didn’t make nearly as many typing mistakes!
Dr. Boudreaux was performing a science experiment on a common insect, the flea.  He proceeded to carefully remove one leg from the flea on which he was working.  Then he shouted, "Jump!", and the flea jumped.  He recorded his findings as such, "flea can jump with one leg removed."   Then he carefully removed a second leg and said, "Jump!"  Again the flea jumped with no problem and he recorded the findings.  He continued the experiment one leg at a time until all the legs had been removed.  The flea, now legless, sat motionless when ordered to jump.   "Hmmm, very interesting," Dr. Boudreaux commented.  Then he recorded his findings..."When all the legs have been removed from a flea, he can't hear anything."
One day a woman brings her daughter to the doctor's office to get her checked out.  After the checkup, the doctor tells the mother that her daughter is pregnant.  The mother exclaims, "I'll have you know that my daughter is very classy and is still a virgin!"  The doctor immediately looks out the window.  The mother angrily screams, "What are you doing?!"  The doctor says, "Last time this happened, three men rode up that hill."
I just read a report that stated that last year 4,153,237 people got married...  I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
I am not short...   I'm just more down to earth than other people.
Q: Why don't animals play poker in the jungle?  A: Too many cheetahs.   
What do computers eat for a snack?  Microchips!
I’m a registered nurse, not a doctor, but here’s the story:  Patient was a newly diagnosed diabetic who needed to be taught how to inject insulin. So the diabetes educator did the good old routine of taking an orange, drawing up insulin, then injecting it into the orange. He then made the patient repeat this practice routine a few times.  The patient goes home, etc. He comes back in a week and his blood sugar is out of control. They ask him if he's been taking his insulin and he goes "of course." So they decide to ask him to demonstrate how he injects insulin. The patient goes "sure, I just need an orange."  At this point I started face palming hard because I know where this one is heading. But of course they got him a orange and a vial of insulin with a syringe. So the guy draws up the insulin correctly, takes the syringe, injects it into the orange, and then says "and then I eat the orange." 
A Sardar buys a ticket and wins the lottery. He goes to claim it and the man verifies his ticket number.  The Sardar says, “I want my $20 million.”  The man replied, “No, Sir. It doesn’t work that way. We give you a million today and then you’ll get the rest spread out for the next 19 days.”  Sardar said, “Oh, no. I want all my money right now! I won it and I want it.”  Again, the man explained that he would only get a million that day and the rest during the next 19 days.  Sardar furious with the man, screams out, “Look, I want my money! if you’re not going to give me my $20 million right now, then I want my 1 dollar back!”
It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.  
I really hate drug tests, they really piss me off...  But once urine the system...
On the morning of her birthday, a woman told her husband, “I just dreamed that you gave me a diamond necklace. What do you think it means?”  “Maybe you’ll find out tonight,” he said.  That evening, the man came home with a small package and gave it to his wife. She ripped off the wrapping paper and found a book titled "The Meaning of Dreams."
A Grammar freak arrogant wife texts to her husband...  You are as useless as "ueue" in the word Queue.
Smart answer by a female...  On a flight, a guy asked a beautiful lady sitting next to him. "Nice perfume.....which brand is it? I want to gift it to my wife."  Lady replies, "Don't give it to her, some idiot will find an excuse to talk to her!" 
Why don't blind people skydive?  Because it scares the crap out of their dogs.
A priest was preparing a man for his long journey into the night. Whispering firmly, the priest said, "Denounce the devil. Let him know how little you think of his evil."  The priest repeated his words. Still the dying man said nothing. The priest asked, "Why do you refuse to denounce the devil and his evil?"  The dying man said, "Until I know where I'm heading, I don't think I ought to aggravate anybody."
Teacher: If you are on the moon, what will happen to your weight?  a) Increase b) Decrease c) No change d) Can not be predicted…  Student : Decrease  Teacher: Why?  Student : You will not get good food!!!
I saw an ad that said, "Radio for sale, $1, volume stuck on full".  I thought to myself, "I can't turn that down."
Did you hear about the new restaurant called Karma?  There is no Menu - you get what you deserve!
A large two engine train was crossing America. After they had gone some distance one of the engines broke down.  "No problem," the engineer thought, and carried on at half-power.  Further on down the line, the other engine broke down, and the train came to a standstill. The engineer decided he should inform the passengers about why the train had stopped, and made the following announcement:  "Ladies and gentlemen, I have some good news and some bad news. The bad news is that both engines have failed, and we have no power. The good news is that this is a train and not a plane."
I have a friend who filled his car with gas at a self-service gas station.  After he had paid and driven away, he realized that he had left the gas cap on top of his car.  He stopped and looked and, sure enough, it was lost.  Well, he thought for a second and realized that other people must have done the same thing, and that it was worth going back to look by the side of the road since even if he couldn't find his own gas cap, he might be able to find one that fit.  Sure enough, he hadn't been searching long when he found a gas cap.  He tried it on, and it went into place with a satisfying click.  "Great," he thought, "I lost my gas cap, but I found another one that fits... and this one's even better because it locks!"
Our teacher asked what my favorite animal was, and I said, "Fried chicken."  She said I wasn't funny, but she couldn't have been right, because everyone else laughed. My parents told me to always tell the truth. I did. Fried chicken is my favorite animal. I told my dad what happened, and he said my teacher was probably a member of PETA. He said they love animals very much. I do, too. Especially chicken, pork and beef.   Anyway, my teacher sent me to the principal's office. I told him what happened, and he laughed, too. Then he told me not to do it again.  The next day in class, my teacher asked me what my favorite live animal was. I told her it was chicken. She asked me why, so I told her it was because you could make them into fried chicken. She sent me back to the principal's office. He laughed, and told me not to do it again.  I don't understand. My parents taught me to be honest, but my teacher doesn't like it when I am. Today, my teacher asked me to tell her what famous person I admired most.  I told her, "Colonel Sanders."  Guess where I am now ... 
Q: What did the kid say to his mom when he saw a man in a wheelchair?  A: Mommy, why did that transformer break halfway through.
Two old men in a retirement village were sitting in the reading room and one said to the other, ''How do you really feel? I mean, you're 72 years old, how do you honestly feel?''   ''Honestly, I feel like a new born baby. I've got no hair, no teeth, and I just wet myself.'' 
A small little lady goes into her doctor's office complaining of an irritated crotch.  After an examination the doctor sighs, "I don't seem to see any problem. Does it get better or worse at any time?"  "Yeah, its really bad whenever it rains." she replies.  "Well, then," says the Doc, "Next time it rains, get in here at once, and we'll take another look at it."  Two weeks later it's raining really hard, and the little lady shows up at the doctor's office. "Doctor, it's really bad today.  Please you have to help me!"  "Well, let's have a look," he says as he lifts her up onto the table.  "Oh, yes, I think I see the problem. Nurse bring me a surgical kit. Don't worry ma'am this won't hurt a bit."  The little lady closes her eyes in painful anticipation. The doctor begins snipping away and finishes a few minutes later.  "There you go, ma'am, try that."  She walks back and forth around the office and exclaims, "That's great,Doc, what did you do?"  To which the doctor replied, "I just took a couple of inches off the top of your rain boots."
Parent: "Why did you swallow the money I gave you?"  Child: "Well, you did say it was my lunch money."
There's a little old Christian lady living next door to an atheist. Every morning the lady comes out onto her front porch and shouts "Praise the Lord!"  The atheist yells back, "There is no God."  She does this every morning with the same result. As time goes on, the lady runs into financial difficulties and has trouble buying food. She goes out onto the porch and asks God for help with groceries, then says "Praise the Lord."  The next morning she goes out onto the porch and there's the groceries she asked for, and of course, she shouts "Praise the Lord!"  The atheist jumps out from behind a bush and says, "Ha, I bought those groceries - there is no God."  The lady looks at him and smiles, she shouts "Praise the Lord, not only did you provide for me Lord, you made Satan pay for the groceries!"
I've always wondered what my parents did in their spare time when there were no iPhones, computers, television, and such...   I asked my 26 brothers and sisters and they didn't seem to know the answer either.
Preparing my son for his first day of kindergarten, we were reviewing numbers and counting. Suddenly he asked, "What is the biggest number in the world?"  As briefly as possible, I tried to explain the concept of infinity. I thought I had done pretty well, but then he said, "Dad, what number comes just before infinity?"
After I retired, my wife insisted that I accompany her on her trips to Walmart. Unfortunately, like most men, I found shopping boring and preferred to get in and get out. Equally unfortunate, my wife is like most women - she loves to browse.  Yesterday my dear wife received the following letter from the local Walmart.  Dear Mrs. Woolf,  Over the past six months, your husband has caused quite a commotion in our store. We cannot tolerate this behavior and have been forced to ban both of you from the store. Our complaints against your husband, Mr. Woolf, are listed below and are documented by our video surveillance cameras:  1. June 15: He took 24 boxes of condoms and randomly put them in other people's carts when they weren't looking.  2. July 2: Set all the alarm clocks in Housewares to go off at 5-minute intervals.  3. July 7: He made a trail of tomato juice on the floor leading to the women's restroom.  4. July 19: Walked up to an employee and told her in an official voice, 'Code 3 in Housewares. Get on it right away'. This caused the employee to leave her assigned station and receive a reprimand from her Supervisor that in turn resulted in management getting involved causing management to lose time and costing the company money.  5. August 4: Went to the Service Desk and tried to reserve a bag of chips.  6. August 14: Moved a 'CAUTION - WET FLOOR' sign to a carpeted area.  7. August 15: Set up a tent in the camping department and told the children shoppers they could come in if they would bring pillows and blankets from the bedding department - to which twenty children obliged.  8. August 23: When a clerk asked if they could help him he began crying and screamed, 'Why can't you people just leave me alone?' Emergency Medics were called.  9. September 4: Looked right into the security camera and used it as a mirror while he picked his nose.  10. September 10: While handling guns in the Sports department, he asked the clerk where the antidepressants were.  11. October 3: Darted around the Store suspiciously while loudly humming the ' Mission Impossible' theme.  12. October 6: In the auto department, he practiced his 'Madonna look' by using different sizes of funnels.  13. October 18: Hid in a clothing rack and when people browsed through, yelled 'PICK ME! PICK ME!'  14. October 22: When an announcement came over the loud speaker, he assumed the fetal position and screamed "OH NO! IT'S THOSE VOICES AGAIN!"  And last, but not least:  15. October 23: Went into a fitting room, shut the door, waited awhile, and then yelled very loudly, "Hey! There's no toilet paper in here!" One of the Staff passed out.
A man has a curse, he is only able to say a single word every year. But if he doesn't say a word that year he can say two the next year, then three, and so on.  One day he meets a beautiful woman and wants to ask her to marry him, but he has no words saved up so he must wait four years.  So he waits four years and he is finally able to ask her the question. He looks her in the eyes and says "Will you marry me?"  She looks back at him with a smile and twinkle in her eye and replies "Come again?"
I've only got one thing to say about Fruit of the Loom... I'll be brief, but....
As in many homes on New Year's Day, my wife and I faced the annual conflict of which was more important, the football games on television or the dinner itself. To keep peace, I ate dinner with the rest of the family and even lingered for some pleasant after dinner conversation before retiring to the family room to turn on the game.  Several minutes later, my wife came downstairs and graciously even bought a cold drink for me. She smiled, kissed me on the cheek, and asked what the score was. I told her it was the end of the third quarter and that the score was still nothing to nothing.  "See?" she said, continuing to smile. "You didn't miss a thing!"
My husband and I purchased an old home in Northern New York State from two elderly sisters. Winter was fast approaching and I was concerned about the house's lack of insulation. "If they could live here all those years, so can we!" my husband confidently declared.  One January night the temperature plunged to below zero, and we woke up to find interior walls covered with frost. My husband called the sisters to ask how they had kept the house warm. After a rather brief conversation, he hung up.   "What did they say?" I asked.  "Well," he muttered, "for the past 30 years they've gone to Florida for the winter."
My wife has been stressing the importance of punctuality to me recently. I made a point of picking her up early at the bridge club for the first time today.   You should have seen the shocked looks of the faces of the ladies when they found out I’m alive. Apparently my wife has been referring to me as her late husband. 
(Grandpa)   "Honey did you know that kids these days don't put their tooth under the pillow for the tooth fairy? What they do is take a digital image and upload it to the toothfairy website they then get paid in bit coins."   (Grandma)   "Dear, you've been talking to your grandson again and he's pulling your leg."   (Grandpa)   "Billy, why would you make up a story about the tooth fairy?"  (Grandson)   "Let me get this straight... you make up a story about a fictitious character, you then tell it to my parents who perpetuate the hoax. I decided to elaborate on it and you're calling me out!" 
A couple was invited to a swanky Halloween party.  The day of the party the wife got a terrible headache and told her husband to go to the party alone. He being a devoted husband, protested, but she argued and said she was going to take some aspirin and go to bed, and there was no need of his good time being spoiled by not going. So he took his costume and away he went.  The wife, after sleeping soundly for one hour, awakened without pain, and as it was still early, she decided to go to the party. In as much as her husband did not know what her costume was, she thought she would have some fun by watching her husband to see how he acted when she was not with him.  She joined the party and soon spotted her husband cavorting around on the dance floor, dancing with every nice chick he could, and copping a little feel here and a little kiss there. His wife sidled up to him and being a rather seductive babe herself, he left his partner high and dry and devoted his time to the new stuff that had just arrived.  She let him go as far as he wished; naturally, since he was her husband. Finally he whispered a little proposition in her ear and she agreed, so off they went to one of the cars and messed around.  Just before unmasking at midnight, she slipped away and went home and put the costume away and got into bed, wondering what kind of explanation he would make for his behavior.  She was sitting up reading when he came in and asked what kind of a time he had. He said, "Oh, the same old thing. You know I never have a good time when you're not there."  Then she asked, "Did you dance much?"  He replied, "I'll tell you, I never even danced one dance. When I got there, I met Pete, Bill and some other guys, so we went into the den and played poker all evening. But I'll tell you... the guy I loaned my costume to sure had a real good time!"
How do you make a politician laugh?  It's easy, just let them get away with something. The worse it is, the harder they laugh.
A man goes into a patent office. He tells the clerk that he’s invented a baseball bat that dings when you hit the ball.   The clerk yells into the back room, "Hey Frank, it’s your turn, we have another 'ding bat'!" 
Now that I'm getting older I seem to be gaining a different perspective on life.   When people say "have a good one", I reply, "At my age, I just want to have one!"  
My dental hygienist retired, after 55 years of working...  All she got was a lousy plaque.
What has two arms but can't raise them?  A chair.
I am great at multitasking... I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at the same time.
Everyone brings JOY to my office...  Some when they enter, others when they leave.
A person that keeps their feet firmly on the ground...  ... will never get their pants on!
Q. What did it mean when the vampire saw himself in the mirror? A. It meant he died.  Q. So how did the vampire die? A. He accidentally ordered “stake” and eggs at the silver bullet cafe.  Q. So where do vampires go when they die? A. Actually they reincarnate and go to work for the government.  
Of all the doctors, it's the egomaniac optometrists you've really gotta keep an "I" on!
What did the teen tell his doctor upon waking up in the hospital during a thunderstorm?  He thought he was safe from the lightning because he was "grounded".
A deacon is in the hospital and his good friend, a preacher, goes to visit him. The preacher notices all the medical equipment attached to the deacon. He kneels by the bed. The deacon motions to a pad and pen on the nightstand. The preacher hands his friend the pad and pen, and the deacon begins to write. Suddenly, the deacon dies.  At his funeral, the preacher delivers the service. He says, "I was with him when he died, and as a matter of fact, I have his last thought in my coat pocket here." The preacher pulls out the paper and reads, "Please, get up. You're kneeling on my oxygen hose."
As a dentist, I recently tried out a new chocolate-flavored pumice paste on my patients. No one liked it except for a six-year-old boy. While I polished his teeth, he continued to smile and lick his lips. "You must really like this new flavor," I said.  "Yep," he replied, nodding with satisfaction. "It tastes just like the time I dropped my candy bar in the sandbox."
When a patient was wheeled into our emergency room, I was the nurse on duty.   "On a scale of zero to ten," I asked her, "with zero representing no pain and ten representing excruciating pain, what would you say your pain level is now?"  She shook her head. "Oh, I don’t know. I’m not good with math."  
The teacher asked her students which state they thought has the most cows. A little girl raised her hand and said Texas! The teacher said, that right, you get an A.   Now which state do you think has the most sheep? A little boy raised his hand and said Montana! The teacher said that's right you get an A.  Who can tell me which state has the most turkeys? Little Johnny raised his hand and said, that's easy,  Washington D.C.   The teacher gave him an A+.       
I hope when I die, it's early in the morning...  So I don't go to work that day for no reason.
If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?
What do you call a fat psychic?   A four chin teller!
My poor kitty bumped her head last night and I think I have to take her to the vet to get a CAT scan, or maybe even a PET scan. She's been showing signs of psychosis. She killed a bird and said, "the dog made me do it!"
Changing Resolutions...  2010: I will get my weight down below 160 pounds.  2011: I will follow my new diet religiously until I get below 180 pounds.  2012: I will develop a realistic attitude about my weight.  2013: I will work out every day.  2014: I will try to drive past a gym at least once a week and eat fewer cookies.
Ol' Fred had been a faithful Christian and was in the hospital, near death. The family called their preacher to stand with them. As the preacher stood next to the bed, Ol' Fred's condition appeared to deteriorate and he motioned frantically for something to write on.  The pastor lovingly handed him a pen and a piece of paper, and Ol' Fred used his last bit of energy to scribble a note, then suddenly died.  The preacher thought it best not to look at the note at that time, so he placed it in his jacket pocket. At the funeral, as he was finishing the eulogy, he realized that he was wearing the same jacket that he was wearing when Ol' Fred died.  He said, "You know, Ol' Fred handed me a note just before he died. I haven't looked at it, but knowing Fred, I'm sure there's a word of inspiration there for us all."  He opened the note, and read, "Please step to your left -- you're standing on my oxygen tube!"
I did not like my beard at first...  But then it grew on me.
A woman went on vacation, leaving her husband behind. Before she left, she told him to take extra special care of her cat. The next day she called her husband and asked if the cat was all right.  Her husband said, "The cat just died."  She burst into tears and said, "How could you be so blunt? Why couldn't you have broken the news gradually! Today, you could have said that it was playing on the roof. Tomorrow, you could have said that it fell off and had broken its leg. Then on the third day, you could have said that the poor thing had passed away in the night. You could have been more sensitive about the whole thing. By the way, how is my mom?"  "She is playing on the roof."
I spent a lot of effort child proofing my house...  But the kids still get in.
Never tell a pig a secret... because they love to squeel.
A three year old, WIDE EYED, little girl, was on the phone, "I KID YOU NOT! This guy in a white dress or robe tries to drown me! He puts me under water and my family just stood there taking pictures."
(Grandpa) No one seems to know the value of a dollar these days!  (Grandson) That’s easy Grandpa, just look at the dollar menu.  
I really liked my new tattoo! It's written in Japanese kanji and reads, “Dragon Warrior”.  After going to my favorite Chinese restaurant I noticed the server looking at my tattoo. I said it means dragon warrior in Japanese.  She replied, "Oh no, it means 'chop suey' in Chinese."
Q: How can you tell if your neighbor's cat is a criminal?  A: Your dog is missing and there is a ransom note demanding tuna. 
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?   It depends on the delivery system...  If you drop them out of a plane, definitely the egg.
It might be my imagination but I could have sworn my GPS navigation device said, "Not that left dummy, you're other left!"  Is anyone else having this problem?
Now that I'm a mother I'm having wild unimaginable fantasy's.   I keep picturing myself taking the evening off.  My favorite is the one about having uninterrupted sleep!
Lord, Give me coffee to change the things i can change...  ... and wine to accept the things I can't. 
An MIT linguistics professor was lecturing his class the other day. "In English," he said, "a double negative forms a positive. However, in some languages, such as Russian, a double negative remains a negative. But there isn't a single language, not one, in which a double positive can express a negative."  A voice from the back of the room piped up, "Yeah, right."
A woman arrives at the and meets Saint Peter. She says, "I was supposed to look up my husband when I got here."  Saint Peter asks, "What's his name?"  She answers, "Smith."  Saint Peter replies, "I've got hundreds of thousands of Smiths here, could you narrow it down a little?"  She responds, "His name is John Smith."  Saint Peter says, "I got thousands of John Smiths here, could you narrow it down a little?"  She answers, "He's got red hair."  Saint Peter replies, "I have hundreds of red haired John Smiths here, could you narrow it down a little?"  She responds, "Well, he told me to always remain faithful to his memory, or else he'd roll over in his grave!"  Saint Peter says, "Oh, you mean Pinwheel Smith!"
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head, sits down and orders a drink.   Bartender serves the pirate his drink, and asks about the paper towel.   The pirate smiles and says, "That be the bounty on me head!"
I do 10 sit-ups every morning...  It may not sound like much, but there is only so many times you can hit the snooze button!
Little Mikey and his family were having Sunday dinner at his grandmother's house. Everyone was seated around the table as the food was being served. When Little Mikey received his plate, he started eating right away.  "Mikey! Please wait until we say our prayer," said his mother.  "I don't need to," the boy replied.  "Of course, you do," his mother insisted through gritted teeth. "We always say a prayer before eating at our house."  "That's at our house," Mikey explained. "But this is Grandma's house and she knows how to cook."
An interesting exchange between two geniuses, Einstein said to Chaplin:  “What I most admire about your art…  You don’t say a word, and the rest of the world understands you.”  "It is true", answered Chaplin, "but your glory is even greater. The whole world admires you, even though they don’t understand a word of what you say!"
A man called home to his wife and said, "Honey I have been asked to go fishing up in Canada with my boss & several of his friends. We'll be gone for a week. This is a good opportunity for me to get that promotion I've been wanting, so could you please pack enough clothes for a week and set out my rod and fishing box? We're leaving from the office and I will swing by the house to pick my things up" "Oh! Please pack my new blue silk pajamas."  The wife thinks this sounds a bit fishy but being the good wife she is, did exactly what her husband asked. The following weekend he came home a little tired but otherwise looking good. The wife welcomed him home and asked if he caught many fish?  He said, "Yes! Lots of Salmon, some Bluegill, and a few Swordfish. But why didn't you pack my new blue silk pajamas like I asked you to do?"  The wife replied, "I did. They're in your fishing box!"
Why did the banana go to the Doctor?   Because he wasn't peeling well. 
A man walks into a posh restaurant and orders his meal. While he takes the first bite and is looking around, a monkey swings down and steals his plate from him before he is able to stop it.  The man asks the waiter, "Excuse me sir, who owns the monkey?"  The waiter replies, "It belongs to the piano player."  The man walks over to the piano player and says, "Do you know your monkey stole my food?"  The pianist responds, "No, but if you hum it, I'll play it." 
What do you call a flea in a bar?  A bar-hopper!
I took to heart my doctors suggestion to get more exercise...   Only problem was I thought he said, "EXTRA FRIES!"
My wife curiously noticed that every time it was my turn to put the kids to bed they fall asleep in minutes.   I told her that when I play my guitar it works like magic putting kids to sleep.  She said I must be exceedingly talented because it works just like that with her as well.  
I was on the subway, sitting on a newspaper when a guy comes over and asks, "Are you reading that?"  I didn’t know what to say. So I said, "Yes."  I then stood up, turned the page, and sat down again.
"I think grandpa mistook his smart phone for an empty glass of wine."  "Why do you say that?"  "He just threw it in the fireplace." 
A boy was talking to his kindergarten friend at recess. He said, "When I grow up I want to be the big bad wolf."  "Why?" asked his friend.   "Because I want to deliver presents to kids all over the world on Christmas," he replied.   Looking puzzled his friend said, "I believe you’re thinking of Santa Claus."   "Nope," he replies, "it’s the big bad wolf. How else are you going to put presents in locked houses?"  "Then what does Santa Clause do?" asked the friend.   "Santa puts money under your pillow if you lose a tooth. Next recess I’ll tell you how Little Red Riding hood met the three bears. Oh and why the Easter Bunny hangs out with the three little pigs who went wee, wee, wee, all the way home!"  "How do you know all this stuff?"  "It’s easy, mom makes my dad read to me every night."
A disheveled man was standing on a busy city corner. With open palms toward the sky he yells out give me a sign, I just need a sign.  The manager of a pizza restaurant walks out and hands the man a sign. He says just wave it at the passing cars! 
This poor man is facing surgery on both his feet because of severe wounds. The doctor has warned him that he cannot tell how bad the damage is until he gets him in the operating room and he has prepared the man for the worst.  After surgery, the man is slowly waking up and he sees the surgeon approaching his bed. The doc looks at him and says, "I have good news news and I have bad news - which would you like first?"  The man nervously responds, "Give me the bad news first." The doc says, "I had to take both your feet"  "Oh my, what could possibly be the good news?" says the man.  "The guy in the bed next to you wants to buy your slippers!" 
After a talking sheepdog gets all the sheep in the pen, he reports back to the farmer: “All 40 accounted for.”  “But I only have 36 sheep,” says the farmer.  “I know,” says the sheepdog. “But I rounded them up.” 
A woman walked into the kitchen to find her husband stalking around with a fly swatter.   "What are you doing?" she asked.   "Hunting flies," He responded.   "Oh, killing any?" She asked.   "Yep, three males, two females," he replied.   Intrigued by this she asked, "How can you tell?"   He responded, "Three were on a beer can, two were on the phone." 
I was taking a stand-up comedy class but I had to quit...  My teacher was making me feel funny. 
"Why are you home? I thought you were going to the school dance after school?"  "I did attend but I don't know how to dance. Mr. Greeley, my math teacher gave me some advice. He said it’s easy to dance just put one foot in front of the other. So I did... and next I know I wound up here!"  
"I miss going to restaurants with my parents."  "So you miss your parents?"  "No, they just used to pay the bill."  
A young yet accomplished historical theologian and author went to the Vatican holding written permission to view certain archives. He asked the priest who had greeted him if he could see the archives pertaining to stigmata.   The priest replied only the man upstairs knows how to help you with that subject. The rather perplexed young man then asked, "Are you trying to say I need to speak directly with the almighty Father Himself?    With a slight smile on his face the priest replied, "Not at all my son. I was talking about Brother Thomas who overseas the archives on the second floor."  
New way of writing answers in exams  If you don’t know the answer, then put lines like this:  ||||||||||  and write below: “Scratch here for ANSWERS”. 
Sign at the towing company: "We don't charge an arm and a leg, we just want tows!"
Did anyone hear about that new reality show Justin Bieber's got out now?  It's called "Leave it to Bieber"!
After trying to for hours to get my daughters to clean their room, I burst in and yelled, "GET THIS ROOM CLEAN NOW, BEFORE I HAVE A COW!!!"  My youngest daughter (3 years old) looked at me with a very puzzled expression and said, "You mean you'd get rid of us and have a cow instead?"
Dear John,  I have been unable to sleep since I broke off our engagement. Won't you forgive and forget? Your absence is breaking my heart. I was a fool, nobody can take your place.  All my love,  Belinda. xxxxoooxxxx  P.S. Congratulations on winning last week's Powerball lottery.
They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks! I only have one thing to say about that nonsense!  I completely....completely...er...ah...just a minute...wait I have it now. Old dogs never miss a trick and don't you forget it! 
Three young boys stand around talking about how fast their dads are.  First boy said my dad is so fast he can turn the light off and still get in bed before the light goes out.  Second boy goes my dad is so fast he can turn the hose off run to the end still get a full glass of water.  Third boy says my dad is so fast,  he has a government job he gets off of work at 5 and he's home by 3.
Q: What do you call a fake noodle?   A: An Impasta   
Wife: "How would you describe me?"   Husband: "ABCDEFGHIJK."  Wife: "What does that mean?"   Husband: "Adorable, beautiful, cute, delightful, elegant, fashionable, gorgeous, and hot."   Wife: "Aw, thank you, but what about IJK?"   Husband: "I'm just kidding!"
A girlfriend calls her boyfriend over and says, “Please come over here and help me. I have a neat jigsaw puzzle, and I can’t figure out how to get it started.”  He asks, “What is it supposed to be when it’s finished?”  The girlfriend says, “According to the picture on the box, it’s a tiger.”  Her boyfriend decides to go over and help with the puzzle. She lets him in and shows him where she has the puzzle spread all over the table.  He studies the pieces for a moment, then looks at the box, then turns to her and says, “First of all, no matter what we do, we’re not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling the tiger on that box.”  He takes her hand and says, “Second, I want you to relax, and then…..” he sighed, “lets put all these Frosted Flakes back in the box.”
Did anyone hear about George Clooney's new genealogical website?  It's called, "Oh, Brother Where Art Thou."
Dad: "Say daddy!" Baby: "Mommy!"  Dad: "Come on, say daddy!" Baby: "Mommy!"  Dad: "Darn it, say daddy!" Baby: "Darn it, Mommy!"  (Mom comes home and joins the conversation.) Mom: "Honey, I'm home!" Baby: "Darn it!"  Mom: "Who taught you that?" Baby: "Daddy!" Dad:  ...
The older police detective stopped by my house and asked where i was between 5 & 6?  I respectfully replied, "Kindergarten, sir."
An Irishman was flustered not being able to find a parking space in a large mall's parking lot. "Lord," he prayed, "I can't stand this. If you open a space up for me, I swear I'll give up drinking me whiskey, and I promise to go to church every Sunday."  Suddenly, the clouds parted and the sun shone on an empty parking spot. Without hesitation, the man said, "Never mind, I found one."
A salesman dropped in to see a business customer. Not a soul was in the office except a big dog emptying wastebaskets. The salesman stared at the animal, wondering if his imagination could be playing tricks on him.  The dog looked up and said, "Don't be surprised. This is just part of my job."  "Incredible!" exclaimed the man. "I can't believe it! Does your boss know what a prize he has in you? An animal that can talk!"  "No, no," pleaded the dog. "Please don't! If that man finds out I can talk, he'll make me answer the phone as well!"
When you get to be a certain age, there are two things you definitely don’t want to do in the same week...  Upgrade your prescription glasses and buy a full-length mirror! 
I found an ugly creature dead in my son's bedroom. My son said it was an alien brain sucker.  Apparently it starved to death. 
Two young men applied for an engineering job. Both applicants, having the same qualifications, were asked to take a test by the department manager.  Upon completion of the test, they missed only one question.  The manager went up to one of the guys and said, "Thank you for your interest, but we've decided to give the job to the other applicant."  The engineer said, "But why, we both got nine questions right?"  The manager said, "We made our decision not on the correct answers, but on the one you missed."  The engineer asked, "And how would one incorrect answer be better than the other?"  The manager replied, "Simple, the other engineer put down on question number five, 'I don't know,' you put down, 'neither do I'."
An old man was LYING IN HIS DEATH bed upstairs. His favorite food in the world was chocolate chip cookies. As he lay there, gasping for each breath he was sure he could smell freshly-backed chocolate chip cookies. He crawled out of bed and slowly limped down the stairs. Sure enough, across the kitchen, there was a huge platter of chocolate chip cookies on the table. He finally made it to the table and he reached a shacking hand towards the cookies.   Suddenly, his wife slapped his hand sharply and yelled, "DONT TOUCH THOSE - THEY' RE FOR THE FUNERAL!!!"
A guy dies and is sent to hell. Satan meets him, shows him doors to three rooms, and says he must choose one to spend eternity in.   In the first room, people are standing in dirt up to their necks. The guy says, "No, let me see the next room."  In the second room, people are standing in dirt up to their noses. Guy says no again.   Finally Satan opens the third room. People are standing with dirt up to their knees, drinking coffee and eating pastries.  The guy says, "Ok, I pick this room." Satan says Ok and starts to leave, and the guy wades in and starts pouring some coffee.   On the way out Satan yells, "OK, coffee break’s over. Everyone back on your heads!"
It’s the World Cup Final, and a man makes his way to his seat right next to the pitch. He sits down, noticing that the seat next to him is empty. He leans over and asks his neighbour if someone will be sitting there. ‘No,’ says the neighbour. ‘The seat is empty.’ ‘This is incredible,’ said the man. ‘Who in their right mind would have a seat like this for the Final and not use it?’ The neighbour says, ‘Well actually the seat belongs to me. I was supposed to come with my wife, but she passed away. This is the first World Cup Final we haven’t been to together since we got married.’ ‘Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that. That’s terrible….But couldn’t you find someone else, a friend, relative or even a neighbour to take her seat?’ The man shakes his head. ‘No,’ he says. ‘They’re all at the funeral.’ 
Your momma so fat she ate a whole Buffalo......Wild Wings!
The Law of Volunteering" If you dance with a grizzly bear, you had better let him lead.  "The Law of Avoiding Oversell" When putting cheese in a mousetrap, always leave room for the mouse.  "The Law of Common Sense" Never accept a drink from a urologist.  "The Law of Reality" Never get into fights with less attractive people, they have less to lose.  "The Law of Self Sacrifice" When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.  "Weiler's Law" Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.  "Law of Probable Dispersal" Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.  "Law of Volunteer Labor" People are always available for work in the past tense.  "Conway's Law" In any organization there is one person who knows what is going on. That person must be fired.  "Iron Law of Distribution" Them that has, gets.  "Law of Cybernetic Entomology" There is always one more bug.  "Law of Drunkenness" You can't fall off the floor.
I'm one step closer to my goal for GETTING RICH...  All I need now is money!
"What do you want to be when you grow up?" asked the teacher.  Little Johnny raisds his hand as says, “A congressman.”   The teacher asked why and Little Johnny replied, "Because they spend most of their time at recess."  
I turned on the navigation device in the car and it began to flirt with me!   Just then I realized I'd hit the wrong button and was listing to an audio book romance novel belonging to my wife. 
Why doesn't the ocean leak?  Because it has Seals. 
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
What did one boat say to the other?  “Are you up for a little row-mance?”
"If you could choose drinking wine every day or being skinny which would you choose?"  "I'd choose red or white."
"I always try to go the extra mile for my customers."   Taxi driver
A thief broke into my house last night... He started searching for money...  So I woke up and searched with him.
1. Open a new file in your PC.  2. Name it "Housework."  3. Send it to the RECYCLE BIN.  4. Empty the RECYCLE BIN.  5. Your PC will ask you, "Are you sure you want to delete Housework permanently?"  6. Answer calmly, "Yes," and press the mouse button firmly....  7. Feel better?
A lawyer went duck hunting for the first time in Texas. He shot and dropped a bird, but it fell into a farmer's field on the other side of the fence. As the lawyer climbed over the fence, an elderly farmer drove up on his tractor and asked him what he was doing.  The litigator responded, "I shot a duck, it fell into this field, and now I'm going to retrieve it."  The old farmer replied, "This is my property and you are not coming over here."  The indignant lawyer said, "I am one of the best trial attorneys in the U.S. and if you don't let me get that duck, I'll sue you and take everything you own."  The old farmer smiled and said, "Apparently, you don't know how we do things in Texas. We settle small disagreements like this with the Texas Three-Kick Rule."  The lawyer asked, "What is the Texas Three-Kick Rule?"  The Farmer replied, "Well, first I kick you three times and then you kick me three times, and so on, back and forth, until someone gives up." The attorney quickly thought about the proposed contest and decided that he could easily take the old codger. He agreed to abide by the local custom.  The old farmer slowly climbed down from the tractor and walked up to the city feller. His first kick planted the toe of his heavy work boot into the lawyer's groin and dropped him to his knees. His second kick nearly wiped the man's nose off his face. The barrister was flat on his belly when the farmer's third kick to a kidney nearly caused him to give up.  The lawyer summoned every bit of his will and managed to get to his feet and said, "Okay, you old coot! Now, it's my turn!"  The old farmer smiled and said, "No, I give up. You can have the duck."
Two women who had just met at a health spa were talking about their lifestyles and how they hope to stay healthy. One asked the other to detail her daily routine.   “I eat moderately,” she replied, “I exercise moderately, I drink moderately, and I live moderately.”   “Is there anything else you do?” her new friend asked.   “Yes,” she said, “I lie extensively.” 
A Doctor and an Advocate loved the same girl. The Doctor gave her a rose daily and the advocate gave the girl an apple.  The girl got confused and asked the Advocate, "There is a meaning in giving rose in love. Why are you giving me an apple?"  Advocate answered: Because, "An Apple a day keeps the doctor away!" 
A State Government Employee sits in his office and out of boredom, decides to see what's in his old filing cabinet. He pokes through the contents and comes across an old brass lamp. "This will look nice on my mantelpiece," he decides, and takes it home with him. While polishing the lamp, a genie appears and grants him three wishes.  "I wish for an ice cold beer right now!" He gets his beer and drinks it. Now that he can think more clearly, he states his second wish.  "I wish to be on an island where beautiful women reside." Suddenly he is on an island with gorgeous females eyeing him lustfully.  He tells the genie his third and last wish:  "I wish I'd never have to work ever again." POOF! He's back in his government office. 
Arguing with a woman is like reading the software license agreement. In the end, you ignore everything and click "I agree."
Why did Heidi Klum need her husband's permission to get a divorce?  She wanted his "Seal" of approval!
Doctor: "What seems to be the problem today?"   Patient: "Doc, I've got the farts. I mean I fart all the time."  The Doctor nods, "Hmm."  Patient: "My farts do not stink and you can't hear them. It's just that I fart all the time. Look, we've been talking here for about 10 minutes and I've farted five times."  "Hmm," says the Doctor, as he picks up his pad and writes out a prescription.   The patient is thrilled "Thank you Doc. This prescription, will it really clear up my farts?"   "No," sighs the Doctor, "The prescription is to clear your sinuses, it stinks like a fermented diaper in here.  Next week I want you back here for a hearing test." 
If at first you don't succeed, hire it out! 
The Phone Rings….  (Mother) Hello (Daughter) Hi Mom!   (Mother) Honey, I haven’t head from you in months, is everything OK? (Daughter) I just wanted to let you know I’m in my 3rd trimester.   (Mother) You’re PREGNANT?!?! (Daughter) Nooooo! I went off to college remember? 
On a ship, the Project Managers of three different companies belonging to three different nations were traveling with their trainee engineers. They started an argument on whose trainee engineers had more guts.   The American PM called for one of his men and told him to jump off and take a swim around the moving ship. The trainee did as he was commanded. The American PM boasted and said, “See the guts!”  Now the German PM called out for one of his men and asked him to swim two laps around the moving ship. The trainee did as he was told. When he came back from the water the German PM said, “See the guts!”  Now the Indian PM called out for his most courageous man and asked him to swim five laps around the ship. The trainee promptly replied, ”Why the heck should I?”  The Indian PM proudly said, “See the guts!”  
(Me) Now that I’m retired I finally have my very own 'Command Center'!   (Wife) It looks like a lazy boy recliner, a TV remote and a half eaten bag of Cheetos on an end table to me!  (Me) It’s a clandestine operation so don’t tell anyone!  (Wife) Don’t worry I won’t tell a soul!  Just to clear things up though, is the arm chair law practice and the sports announcing gig a secret too?  
(Husband to wife) If I could write a check for a million dollars, I could afford to be eccentric.  (Wife) Keep working at it honey, at this point in time you can only afford to be delusional. 
How do you spot a crooked politician?  It's easy... Go to your browser, go to search images, type in politicians... It works every time! 
At 2:15 AM a man was pulled over by the police for having a burned out tail light. The officer discovered that a dog was sitting behind the steering wheel the car and the man sitting next to him had obviously been drinking.   The officer said, "What is going on here and why is a dog in the driver’s seat?"   The man replied, "I really don't know officer, I guess he took my keys." 
Two boys were fishing on the bank of a river. The one boy remarked that being a visionary must be very difficult. He went on to say much more and added that visionaries are seldom understood in they're life time.   The other boy replied, "Then you must be a visionary, cause I have no idea what you’re talking about!"  
Wanting to have a quick love-making session, the couple told their 8-year-old son to go stand on the balcony with a popsicle and to report to them all the neighborhood activities. He began his commentary as his parents put their plan into action.  "There's a car being towed from the parking lot," he shouted. A few moments passed.  "An ambulance just drove by." A few moments later, "Looks like the Anderson's have company," he called out. "Matt's riding a new bike."  A few moments later, "Looks like the Sanders are moving... and Jason is on his skate board." A few more moments, "The Coopers are having sex."  Startled, his mother and dad shot up in bed. Dad cautiously called out, "How do you know they are having sex?"  "Because Jimmy Cooper is standing on his balcony with a popsicle too."
A guy asked his lawyer, "If I pay off crooks, is it illegal?"  The lawyer replies, "Yes, you'd be involved in a conspiracy."  "Good," said the man, been looking for a way to avoid paying my taxes! 
I just received a letter from the IRS claiming I wasn’t honest on my tax return. I wrote them back saying if you want honesty, the next time you write start the letter out by saying “stick em up”! 
Bo tells Jed, "Ya know, I reckon I'm 'bout ready for a vacation. Only this year I'm gonna do it a little different. The last few years, I took your advice about where to go."  "Well, what are you going to do, then?" Jed asks.  "Three years ago you said to go to Hawaii. I went to Hawaii and Earlene got pregnant."  "Yeah," Jed agrees.  "Then two years ago, you told me to go to the Bahamas, and Earlene got pregnant again."  "I remember," Jed says.  "Last year you suggested Tahiti and darned if Earlene didn't get pregnant again."   "So," Jed asks, "what you gonna do this year that's different?"  "Well," Bo replies, "this year I'm taking Earlene with me."
What did Dracula said about his new girlfriend?  Oh, she is my love at first bite!
Want a diet that is guaranteed to work?   Make a sandwich with spinach, kumquat and catfish. Drench it in jalapeño sauce and yogurt.  One look at it and you're not hungry for hours!
A man returns home a day early from a business trip. It's after midnight. While en-route home, he asks the cabby if he would be a witness. The man suspects his wife is having an affair, and he wants to catch her in the act. For $5000, the cabby agrees. Quietly arriving home, the husband and cabby tip toe into the bedroom. The husband switches on the lights, yanks the blanket back and there is his wife, in bed with another man.  The husband puts a gun to the naked man's head. The wife shouts, "Don't do it! I lied when I told you I inherited money. HE paid for the Porsche I gave you. HE paid for your new 25 ft. Ranger Fishing Boat. HE paid for your Packer season tickets. HE paid for our house at the lake. HE paid for your golf trip to St. Andrews and your new 4 x 4. HE paid for our country club membership and HE even pays the monthly dues!"  Shaking his head from side-to-side, the husband lowers the gun. He looks over at the cabby and says, "What would you do?"  The cabby replies, "I'd cover him with that blanket before he catches a cold." 
A farmer has 200 hens, but no rooster, and he wants chicks. So, he goes down the road to the next farmer and asks if he has a rooster which he would sell.   The other farmer says, "Yeah, I've got this great rooster, named Randy. He'll service every chicken you got, no problem."  Well, Randy the rooster costs a lot of money, but the farmer decides he'd be worth it. So, he buys Randy. The farmer takes Randy home and sets him down in the barnyard first giving the rooster a pep talk, "Randy, I want you to pace yourself now. You've got a lot of chickens to service here, and you cost me a lot of money. Consequently, I'll need you to do a good job. So, take your time and have some fun," the farmer said, with a chuckle.  Randy seemed to understand, so the farmer points toward the hen house, and Randy took off like a shot. -WHAM!- Randy nails every hen in the hen house - three or four times, and the farmer is really shocked. After that the farmer hears a commotion in the duck pen, sure enough, Randy is in there. Later, the farmer sees Randy after a flock of geese, down by the lake. Once again - WHAM! He gets all the geese! By sunset he sees Randy out in the fields chasing quail and pheasants. The farmer is distraught - worried that his expensive rooster won't even last 24 hours. Sure enough, the farmer goes to bed and wakes up the next day, to find Randy dead as a doorknob - stone cold in the middle of the yard. Buzzards are circling overhead. The farmer, saddened by the loss of such a colorful - and expensive animal, shakes his head and says, "Oh, Randy, I told you to pace yourself. I tried to get you to slow down, now look what you've done to yourself."  Randy opens one eye, nods toward the buzzards circling in the sky and says, "Shhh, they're getting closer."
I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land.
I've been having problems with annoying phone calls lately...  The most common one seems to be the nightly, "You said you'd be home from the bar 2 hours ago!" call.
The girl came running in tears to her father.  "Dad, you gave me some terrible financial advice!" she cried.  "I did?  What did I tell you?" said the dad.  "You told me to put my money in that big bank, and now that big bank is in trouble."  "What are you talking about?  That's one of the largest banks in the world," he said.  "Surely there must be some mistake."  "I don't think so," she sniffed. "They just returned one of my checks with a note saying, 'Insufficient Funds'."
As soon as the dentist asked the patient to sit down, he pulled out his wallet. Seeing this the dentist said, "Please don't, you don't need to pay me now."  The patient answered: "Pay you! I just want to count my money before I'm unconscious!"
This past Sunday Mary Ellen and Elisabeth went to the 10:30 AM service and the new pastor was long winded and his sermon was quite long.  After the service was finally over, Mary Ellen said to Elisabeth, "The sermon was beautiful don't you think?".  Elisabeth replied "Oh yes it was, but a bit too long. Next week I'm bringing my cushion to sit on, these benches are too hard."  She continued to say, "You know Mary Ellen at one point during the sermon I thought my butt went to sleep."   Mary Ellen said, "I know, I heard it snore three times."
A young banker decided to get his first tailor made suit. So he went to the finest tailor in town and got measured for a suit. A week later he went in for his first fitting. He put on the suit and he looked stunning, he felt that in this suit he can do business. As he was preening himself in front of the mirror he reached down to put his hands in the pockets and to his surprise he noticed that there were no pockets.   He mentioned this to the tailor who asked him, "Didn't you tell me you were a banker?"   The young man answered, "Yes, I did."  To this the tailor said, "Who ever heard of a banker with his hands in his own pockets?"   
There is a glass of water on the table.   Optimists think the water in the glass is half full.   Pessimists think the water in the glass is half empty.   Opportunists and Realists like me, drink the water in the glass, put it back on the table, and then leave.
Shakey went to a psychiatrist. "Doc," he said, "I've got trouble. Every time I get into bed, I think there's somebody under it. I get under the bed, I think there's somebody on top of it. Top, under, top, under. You gotta help me, I'm going crazy!"  "Let me take care of it," said the shrink. "Come to me three times a week, and I'll cure your fears."  "How much do you charge?"  "A hundred dollars per visit."  "I'll sleep on it," said Shakey.  Six months later the doctor met Shakey on the street. "Why didn't you ever come to see me again?" asked the psychiatrist.  "For a hundred bucks a visit? A bartender cured me for ten dollars."  "Is that so! How?"  "He told me to cut the legs off the bed!"
“One year at Thanksgiving, my mom went to my sister’s house for the traditional feast. Knowing how gullible my sister is, my mom decided to play a trick. She told my sister that she needed something from the store. When my sister left, my mom took the turkey out of the oven, removed the stuffing, stuffed a Cornish hen,and inserted it into the turkey, and re-stuffed the turkey. She then placed the bird(s) back in the oven.  When it was time for dinner, my sister pulled the turkey out of the oven and proceeded to remove the stuffing. When her serving spoon hit something, she reached in and pulled out the little bird.  With a look of total shock on her face, my mother exclaimed, “Patricia, you’ve cooked a pregnant bird!” At the reality of this horrifying news, my sister started to cry.  It took the family two hours to convince her that turkeys lay eggs!
What do you call a group of security guards in front of a Samsung store?  Guardians of the Galaxy.
Darth Vader: I know what you're getting for Christmas.  Luke Skywalker: How would you know that?  Darth Vader: I've felt your presence.
Husband: What happened honey?  Wife: I have severe neck pain.  Husband: I'm going out to shop. Do you need anything for your neck?  Wife: Yeah. One necklace!!
A man had just bought a parrot at an auction after some very spirited bidding.   "I suppose that bird talks?" he said to the auctioneer.  "Talks!" was the reply. "Who do you think was bidding against you?"
Electile Dysfunction - the inability to become aroused over any of the choices for President, put forth by either party in the 2016 election year.  
So there was this female business executive who was late for a meeting. She is going 65 on a street where the speed limit is 40.   A cop pulls her over and says “ma’am, can I please see your license?” She says “I’m sorry, officer, but I got it revoked two years ago for drunk driving.” His brow furrows and he straightens up.   “Well, can I please see the registration of your car?” She says “I stole the car and I killed the driver; he’s in the trunk.”   “Ma’am, DON’T MOVE, I’m calling for backup.” He mutters furiously into his walkie-talkie…   Five minutes later, half the squad pulls up, the Chief of Police walks over to the woman’s window. “Ma’am, can I see your license?” he asks sternly.   “Of course, officer,” she smiles demurely and pulls out a license from her purse.   He squints warily at it. “This looks legitimate,” he mumbles.   “Can I see the registration to this car?” She pulls it out of the glove compartment and hands it to him.  “Ma’am, stand back!” He bangs open the trunk of the car and flinches: but it was completely empty…   The woman brandishes a finger at the first cop and says accusingly, “And I’ll bet that liar told you I was speeding too!!”
After 20 years of marriage, a couple was lying in bed one evening, when the wife felt her husband begin to touch her in ways he hadn't in quite some time.  It almost tickled as his fingers started at her neck, and then began moving down past the small of her back. He then slid his hand across her shoulders and neck, slowly worked it down one side, then the other, stopping just over her lower stomach.  He then proceeded to place his hand on her left inner arm, caressed downward again, working down her side, passed gently over and then in between her buttock and down her leg to her calf. Then, he proceeded up her inner thigh, stopping just at the uppermost portion of her leg. He continued in the same manner on her right side, then suddenly stopped, rolled over and became silent.  As she had become quite aroused by this caressing, she asked in a loving voice, "That was wonderful. Why did you stop?"  "I found the remote," he said.
MAN: I Have Facebook, BBM, KIK, Imo, Twitter, Google Plus, Yahoo, Tumblr, Msn, Skype, Snapchat, Instagram and G-Talk FRIEND: Buddy, do you have a life? AKPOS: OMG! No I don't! Send me the link to download it.
A new business was opening, and one of the owner’s friends sent flowers for the occasion. But when the owner read the card with the flowers, it said “Rest in Peace”.  The owner was little upset and called the florist to complain. After he had told the florist about the obvious mistake, the florist said, “Sir, I’m really sorry for the mistake, but rather than getting angry, you should imagine this: Somewhere there is a funeral taking place today, and they have flowers with a note saying, “Congratulations on your new location.” 
A young boy enters a barber shop and the barber whispers to his customer, "This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you."  The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, "Which do you want, son?" The boy takes the quarters and leaves.  "What did I tell you?" said the barber. "That kid never learns!"  Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream parlor.  "Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?"  The boy licked his cone and replied:   "Because the day I take the dollar the game is over!"
(Husband) Honey, according to my focus group men should be in control of the TV remote.   (Wife) Who’s in your focus group?  (Husband) Well, actually right now it’s a focus group of one, but I’m working on membership.  
“I’d like two pork chops,” asked the woman to her butcher, “and make them lean.”   “Yes ma’am,” said the polite butcher, standing then on end. “Which way?” 
Hank was not too bright. Everyday when he walked home from work, he would get stopped by three nasty men and they would beat him up and steal his money.  Finally, Hank decided that it would serve his best interest to walk a different route and then take up some self-defense classes so this wouldn't happen again. He joined a karate class and soon was doing very well to defend himself.  So, one day, on the way home from work Hank took his old route home and sure enough there they were. He walked up to them and the battle ensued. The next afternoon Hank went to his karate class with a black eye, a broken nose and a busted lip. His instructor, shocked, asked him what happened.  "Well," explained Hank, "I took my old way home last night so I could beat these guys up who were stealing my money, but they beat me up before I could get my shoes and socks off!"
A man goes to visit his 85-year-old grandpa in hospital. "How are you grandpa? he asks.  "Feeling fine," says the old man.  "What's the food like?"  "Terrific, wonderful menus."  "And the nursing?"  "Just couldn't be better. These young nurses really take care of you."  "What about sleeping?  Do you sleep OK?"  "No problem, nine hours solid every night. At 10 o'clock they bring me a cup of hot chocolate and a Viagra tablet ... and that's it. I go out like a light."  The grandson is puzzled and a little alarmed by this, so rushes off to question the Sister in charge. "What are you people doing," he says, "I'm told you're giving an 85-year-old Viagra on a daily basis. Surely that can't be true?"  "Oh, yes," replies the Sister. "Every night at 10 o'clock we give him a cup of hot chocolate and a Viagra tablet. It works wonderfully well. The chocolate makes him sleep, and the Viagra stops him from rolling out of bed."
Two steps for making great tofu:  Step 1: Throw TOFU in the trash.  Step 2: Put a thick  RIBEYE STEAK on the grill.
Frosty the snowman was spotted looking through the carrot bin at the local supermarket...  He was picking his nose.
I hate it when I see an OLD person and then realize we went to school together.
Vacuum cleaner sales slogan: ITS A DIRTY JOB BUT SOMEONE HAS TO DO IT!
A businessman hailed a cab from his hotel and asked to be driven to the hospital about a mile away. The cabby started driving but he was only going about 15 mph. The passenger banged on the partition and said speed it up. The cabby screamed hit the gas and plowed into a tree. The passenger said what the heck is wrong with you? This is my first day driving a cab. I drove for a funeral home for 15 years and no one ever banged on my partition. You scared the living-daylights out of me!   
My sister had been ill, so I called to see how she was doing. My ten-year-old niece answered the phone. "Hello," she whispered.  "Hi, honey. How’s your mother?" I asked.  "She’s sleeping," she answered, again in a whisper.  "Did she go to the doctor?"  "Yes. She got some medicine," my niece said softly.  "Well, don’t wake her up. Just tell her I called. What are you doing, by the way?"  Again in a soft whisper, she answered, "Practicing my trumpet."
I took some friends out to dinner last week, and I noticed a spoon in the shirt pocket of our waiter as he handed us the menus. It seemed a little odd, but I dismissed it as a random thing. Until our busboy came with water & tableware; he too, sported a spoon in his breast pocket. I looked around the room, and all the waiters, waitresses, busboys, etc. had spoons in their pockets. When our waiter returned to take our order, I just had to ask, "Why the spoons?"  "Well," he explained, "our parent company recently hired some consulting efficiency experts to review all our procedures, and after months of statistical analyses, they concluded that our patrons drop spoons on the floor 73% more often than any other utensil; at a frequency of 3 spoons per hour per workstation. By preparing all our workers for this contingency in advance, we can cut our trips to the kitchen down and save time...nearly 1.5 extra man-hours per shift." Just as he concluded, a "ch-ching" came from the table behind him, and he quickly replaced a fallen spoon with the one from his pocket. "I'll grab another spoon the next time I'm in the kitchen instead of making a special trip," he proudly explained. I was impressed.  "Thanks. I had to ask."  "No problem," he answered, then he continued to take our orders.  As the members of my dinner party took their turns, my eyes darted back & forth from each person ordering and my menu. That's when, out of the corner of my eye, I spotted a thin, black thread protruding from our waiter's fly. Again, I dismissed it; yet I had to scan the room and, sure enough, there were other waiters and busboys with strings hanging out of their trousers. My curiosity overrode discretion at this point, so before he could leave I had to ask. "Excuse me, but...uh...why, or what...about that string?"  "Oh, yeah" he began in a quieter tone. "Not many people are that observant. That same efficiency group found we could save time in the men's room, too."  "How's that?"  "You see, by tying a string to the end of our, eh, selves, we can pull it out at the urinals literally hands-free and thereby eliminate the need to wash our hands, cutting time spent in the restroom by over 93%!"  "Oh, that makes sense," I said, but then thinking through the process, I asked, "Hey, wait a minute. If the string helps you pull it out, how do you get it back in?"  "Well," he whispered, "I don't know about the other guys; but I use my spoon."
True hospitality is making your guests feel like they ARE at home...  ... all the while you really wish they WERE at home!
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and all it has been doing is GATHERING DUST!!!
I took my family to visit the AIR & SPACE museum...  But there was nothing there!
When people go underwater in scary movies, I like to hold my breath and see if I would have survived that situation.  I almost died in Finding Nemo.
(Dentist) This is going to pinch a little.   (Patient) I love the way you guys substitute words like 'pinch' for 'pain'.  (Dentist) You're right. Hang on to your chair, this is going to hurt like hell. 
Why couldn't Biggie Smalls get into the club?  Because it was Tupac'd.
Back in the day the police didn’t need to speak to us "in handcuffs”...  Mainly because our parents spoke a strange universal a language called "consequences". 
My friend dropped a box of Italian pastries on the floor.   I cannoli imagine what he felt at that moment.
At dinner with friends and family Johnny was asked to say the prayer. "But I don't know how to pray," he replied.   "Just pray for your family, friends and neighbors, the poor, etc," said his father.  "Okay," the boy said.  "Dear Lord,.. Thank you for our visitors and their children, who finished all my cookies and ice cream. Bless them so they won't come again. Forgive our neighbors son, who removed my sister's clothes and wrestled with her on the bed. This coming Christmas, please send clothes to all those poor ladies on my Daddy's Blackberry who do not have any clothes. And provide shelter for the homeless man who uses Mom's room when Daddy is at work....AMEN"  Dinner was cancelled.
As the bus stopped and it was her turn to get on, she became aware that her skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the first step of the bus.   Slightly embarrassed and with a quick smile to the driver, she reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little, thinking that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg. She tried to take the step, but only to discover that she couldn't.  With a little smile to the driver, she again reached behind to unzip a little more and again was unable to take the step.  After becoming quite frustrated and embarrassed, she once again attempted to unzip her skirt more in order to allow more leg room to get on the first step of the bus.  About this time, a large Texan who was standing behind her picked her up easily by the waist and placed her gently on the step of the bus,  She went ballistic and turned to the would-be Samaritan and yelled "How dare you touch my body! I don't even know who you are!"  The Texan smiled and drawled "Well ma'am, normally I would agree with you but after you unzipped my fly three times I kinda figured we were friends."
Joey goes into a pharmacy and says to the pharmacist, "Hello, could you give me condom please? I'm going to my girlfriend's place for dinner and I think I may be getting lucky tonight."  The Pharmacist gives him the condom but as soon as he does Joey tells him, "Give me another condom because my girlfriends sister is also very cute too and always crosses her legs in a provocative manner when I am around, I think I might get lucky with her too."  The Pharmacist gives him another condom and as he was about to leave Joey returned and requested for a third.  "My girlfriend's mom is really cute and she always makes eye contact when I'm around and since she invited me for dinner I think she might be expecting me to make a move."  During the dinner Joey sits down with his girlfriend on the right, her sister on the left and her mom facing him. When the dad walks in. Joey lowers his and starts the dinner prayer.  "Dear Lord bless this dinner and thank you for all you've given us..."  Ten minutes later Joey is still praying. His girlfriend now surprised  gets close to him and whispers, "I didn't know you where this religious."   Joey with his head still bowed in prayer replied "I never knew your dad was a Pharmacist!"
Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks.  They charged one - and let the other one off. 
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagon of corn. The farmer who lived nearby heard the noise and yelled over to the boy,   "Hey Willis forget your troubles. Come in and visit with us. I'll help you get the wagon up later."   "That's mighty nice of you," Willis answered, "but I don't think Pa would like me to."   "Aw come on boy," the farmer insisted.   "Well okay," the boy finally agreed, and added, "but Pa won't like it."   After a hearty dinner, Willis thanked his host. "I feel a lot better now, but I know Pa is going to be real upset."   "Don't be foolish!" the neighbor said with a smile. "By the way, where is he?"   "Under the wagon."
The local priest came across Paddy who had stumbled out of  the town tavern. "Paddy," he said, " I'm afraid I'll not be seeing you in Heaven  one day." "Really, Father?" slurred Paddy. "What have you done?" 
A little girl was talking to her teacher about whales. The teacher said it was physically impossible for a whale to swallow a human because even though a whale is a very large mammal, its throat is very small. The little girl stated that Jonah was swallowed by a whale. The teacher reiterated that a whale could not swallow a human, it was impossible.  The little girl said, "When I get to heaven I will ask Jonah".  The teacher asked, "What if Jonah went to hell?"  The little girl replied, "Then you ask him!" 
Husband: Why is the food cold and bland?  Wife: Because your mother put her heart and soul into it.
A child asked his father, "How were people born?"  So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on."  The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now."  The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!"  His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family."
One day a college student comes home for spring break, and he and his dad start a conversation.  "So how are your classes?" Asks the father.  "Good."  "How is the football team playing this year?"  "Okay."  "Making new friends?"  "Some."  "What are you thinking of majoring in?"  "Communications."
Sign seen upon entering a furniture store:   Unattended children will be given espresso and a free kitten!
A fellow had just been hired as the new CEO of a large high tech corporation. The CEO who was stepping down met with him privately and presented him with three numbered envelopes.    "Open these if you run up against a problem you don't think you can solve," he said.    Well, things went along pretty smoothly, but six months later, sales took a downturn and he was really catching a lot of heat. About at his wit's end, he remembered the envelopes. He went to his drawer and took out the first envelope. The message read, "Blame your predecessor."    The new CEO called a press conference and tactfully laid the blame at the feet of the previous CEO. Satisfied with his comments, the press and Wall Street responded positively, sales began to pick up and the problem was soon behind him.    About a year later, the company was again experiencing a slight dip in sales, combined with serious product problems. Having learned from his previous experience, the CEO quickly opened the second envelope. The message read, "Reorganize."    This he did, and the company quickly rebounded. After several consecutive profitable quarters, the company once again fell on difficult times. The CEO went to his office, closed the door and opened the third envelope. The message said, "Prepare three envelopes.". 
I hate it when I'm singing a song and THE ARTIST gets the words wrong.
When she got flowers from her husband on Valentine's Day, my daughter quickly opened the card. All it said was, "No."  What did that mean? She called her husband and asked him.   "I didn't attach any message. The florist asked if I had a message and I said, 'No'."
A judge and four lawyers were stuck in an elevator. Two were defense attorneys and the other two were on the prosecutor’s team.   The light in the elevator went out but it’s well known that in the light well is a spare bulb. The question is now posed, how many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb.   Answer: It only took one but it took a half hour for the judge to listen to all the arguments before he decided who had to change it.  
Have a fisherman friend that is always exaggerating the size of the CATFISH he catches. I ask him what was the size of his latest catch.  He replied, "Five inches!"  "Five inches?" I asked. "Five inches is not a very large catfish."  "You didn't let me finish," he began, "five inches between the eyes!"
Parallel lines have so much in common...  It's a shame they will never meet.
Do you realize people are prisoners to their phones?  That's why they are called CELL PHONES
The gingerbread man fell while walking down a steep path and scraped his knees.  He was taken to the cookie doctor who asked, "Have you tried ICING it?"   
The first five days after the weekend are definitely the hardest!
As you slide down the Banister of Life, also pray that all the splinters are pointed the other way.
Wait, WHAT?!?!   You mean to tell me that STRESS BALLS are not for throwing at people that STRESS ME OUT?
A man was brought to Mercy Hospital and taken in for coronary surgery. The operation went well and, as the groggy man regained consciousness, he was reassured by a Sister of Mercy, who was waiting by his bed.  "Mr. Smith, you're going to be just fine," said the nun, gently patting his hand. "We do need to know, however, how you intend to pay for your stay here. Are you covered by insurance?"  "No, I'm not," the man whispered hoarsely.  "Can you pay in cash?" persisted the nun.  "I'm afraid I cannot, Sister."  "Well, do you have any close relatives?" the nun essayed.  "Just my sister in New Mexico," he volunteered. "But she's a humble spinster nun."  "Oh, I must correct you, Mr. Smith. Nuns are not 'spinsters.' They are married to God."  "Wonderful," said Smith. "In that case, please send the bill to my brother-in-law."
A married couple was in a terrible accident where the man's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from his body because he was too skinny. So the wife offered to donate some of her own skin.  However, the only skin on her body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from her buttocks.  The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and they requested that the doctor also honor their secret. After all, this was a very delicate matter.  After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the man's new face. He looked more handsome than he ever had before! All his friends and relatives just went on and on about his youthful beauty!  One day, he was alone with his wife, and he was overcome with emotion at her sacrifice. He said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. How can I possibly repay you?"  "My darling," she replied, "I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheeks.
(Grand Kids) Hey grandpa, I thought we were going camping! This is a three star hotel!   (Grand Mother responds) Trust me kids, anything under four stars feels like camping.
Jokes about German sausage are the WURST!
I've been in love with a woman for seventeen years...  My wife would kill me if she ever found out!
A man goes into a coffee shop and says, "I would like one of your special breakfasts."  "No problem," comes the reply from behind the counter.  "But I want it my way," says the man.  "What do you mean 'your way'?" asks the waiter.  The man says, "Well, I want the eggs only half done," he says. "I want the baked beans done so they are baking hot on the top and freezing cold on the bottom. I want the bacon stuck to the plate with grease, with more rind than actual bacon. I want fried bread so greasy that the grease pours out of it."  "I don't have the time to do all that!" replies the waiter.  "Well it seemed you had the time yesterday!" answers the guest.
My Irish mother-in-law gave me an “Irish Blessing” just before my wife and I went on vacation.   I’d feel better about the “may the wind be at your back” thing if we weren’t going to the Grand Canyon this year.  
(Husband) Hey Peaches!  (Wife)  Yes chubby cheeks!   (Husband) Please don't call me chubby cheeks!  (Wife) OK, please don't call me peaches!  (Husband) Fine if you promise not to call me chubby cheeks! I'm putting the move on here, are you about ready plum cakes?  (Wife) I'LL BE RIGHT THERE LOBSTER CLAWS!!!
Never spill hot espresso on yourself because it hurts a latte! 
A gecko was talking a stroll in the park and came upon a duck. He said, "Hi duck, what do you do for a living?"  The duck replied, "I sell gap insurance so if you’re out of work you still have money coming in." The duck then asked how the gecko made a living.   The gecko said, "I also sell insurance but I sell every kind of insurance you can imagine! I sell house, car, life…"  Before he could finish the duck ate the gecko! The duck said, "Well, at least he had good coverage!"
Every time I start thinking too much about how I look, I find a HAPPY HOUR somewhere...  By the time I leave, I LOOK JUST FINE!
Knock Knock.  Who's there?  Existentially.  Existentially, who?  I know what you mean.
Bert and Ernie are walking down sesame street and Bert asks Ernie, "Hey Ernie, you want to get some ice cream?" What did Ernie say?   "Sure Bert"
When my daughter was little, we took a vacation to Florida. Seated on the airplane near the wing, I pointed out to Rhonda that we were above the ocean. "Can you see the water?" I asked her.  "No," she said, peering out the window at the wing, "but I can see the diving board."
An airplane encountered some turbulence, it started juddering and rocking noticeably from side to side. The flight crew wheeled out the drinks cart to keep the passengers calm. The attendant asked a business man  “Would you like a drink?"  “Why not?” he replied unkindly  “I’ll have whatever the pilot’s been having."
Behind every great man is a woman... rolling her eyes at him. 
The candidate was interviewing for a job at a phone answer center and was asked to make a sentence using the words Yellow, Pink, and Green.  After thinking about it for a couple of minutes, the reply was, "When the phone goes GREEN, GREEN, GREEN, I PINK up the phone and say YELLOW!"  She got the job.
Dear Alcohol,  We had a deal... you would make me prettier, funnier and a better dancer. I just saw the video of the company Christmas party.  WE NEED TO TALK!
Around 3pm every afternoon, I think it's time to put an "OUT OF ORDER" sign on my forehead and call it a day.
My idea of a SUPER BOWL is a toilet that cleans itself... 
I ask my 85 year old grandpa to what he attributes his long life.  His answer... BREATHING! 
Six-year-old Annie returns home from school and says that today she had her first embarrassing moment at school. Her mother, very interested, asks, "Oh, how did it go?"  "I nearly died of shame!" she answers. "Sam from down the street says the stork brings babies. Sally next door said you can buy babies at the orphanage. Pete in my class says you can buy babies at the hospital."   Her mother answers laughingly, "But that's no reason to be ashamed."  "No, but I can't tell them that we were so poor that you and daddy had to make me yourselves!"
The bartender asks the guy sitting at the bar, “What’ll you have?” The guy answers, “A scotch, please.”  The bartender hands him the drink, and says, “That’ll be five dollars,” to which the guy replies, “What are you talking about? I don’t owe you anything for this.”  A lawyer, sitting nearby and overhearing the conversation, then says to the bartender, “You know, he’s got you there. In the original offer, which constitutes a binding contract upon acceptance, there was no stipulation of remuneration.”  The bartender was not impressed, but says to the guy, “Okay, you beat me for a drink. But don’t ever let me catch you in here again.”  The next day, same guy walks into the bar. Bartender says, “What the heck are you doing in here? I can’t believe you’ve got the audacity to come back!”  The guy says, “What are you talking about? I’ve never been in this place in my life!”   The bartender replies, “I’m very sorry, but this is uncanny. You must have a double.”  To which the guy replies, “Thank you. Make it a scotch.”
A man was on his way home with a new car, which was absorbing all his attention, when it struck him that he had forgotten something. Twice he stopped, counted his parcels, searched his pockets, but finally decided he had everything with him.    Yet the feeling persisted. When he reached home his daughter ran out, stopped short, and cried, "Daddy, where's Mommy?"
Little Johnny was on the playground having a disagreement with another boy. The teacher comes out and tells the boys the best way to solve problems is to be agreeable and also open to compromise.   Little Johnny replies, "OK, I’ll agree to let him compromise." 
A guy gets bitten by a zombie but he hasn't completely turned yet.  The end of his finger fell off so he handed it to a non-infected man saying, "This can happen to you, now run!"  Before running, the appreciative man looks back and says, "Thanks for the tip!"
My wife keeps reminding me about some things that need repair around the house. One would think that after six months she’d know I have the list memorized.
I told my wife I wished she’d come with directions. She said this is a first, as I’ve never heard you ask for directions before.   She also said not to worry that she "did" come with directions and has been giving them to me since the day we met. 
My girlfriend’s father wants her to marry a man of means. He said he would give me her hand in marriage if I can afford to burn ten thousand dollars as if it were nothing.   Without hesitation I wrote a check for ten grand and burnt it right before his eyes.  I’m still single.  
Why are professional skiers always politically correct?   Because it's a slippery slope! 
If you want to change the world, do it when you are single!  Once you' re married, you can't even change the TV channel.
A tough old cowboy once counseled his grandson that if he wanted to live a long life, the secret was to sprinkle a little gunpowder on his oatmeal every morning. The grandson did this religiously and he lived to the age of 93.   When he died, he left 14 children, 28 grandchildren, 35 great grandchildren and a fifteen foot hole in the wall of the crematorium.   
I have this friend. His name is Sam Katz.  One day he bragged to me that, "Everyone knows Sam Katz!"  I said, "You don't know the president of the United States." He said , "Let's go to the White House and I'll prove it."  So we went to the White House and Barack Obama greeted him and said to him, "Hey Sam Katz! How are you doing?"  After all the greetings I said, "You don't know Queen Elizabeth."  He said, "Let's go to Buckingham Palace and I'll prove it."  So we go there and the Queen says "Sam Katz, so good to see you again!"  After the greetings I said to him, "Okay. One last person, you don't know the pope."  He said, "Let's go to the Vatican and you wait outside and we'll come outside by the window and wave to you."  So that's exactly what we do. The next thing I do is faint.  My friend asked me, "What happened to you? I tell him, "It was one thing when you knew the president. It was another thing when you knew the queen. But when you came out with the pope by the window, and the guy next to me asked, "Who's the guy with Sam Katz?" I completely lost it.
I do not have gray hair...  I have wisdom highlights!
On our seventh wedding anniversary I broke out in hives...  I think they call that the seven year itch!  
How are people in Dubai and Abu Dhabi different?  The ones in Dubai do NOT watch the Flintstones.  But those in Abu Dhabi Do!  
A man and wife are about to take a trip to Sidney Australia. The man goes up to the Southwest ticket counter and he buys one ticket. The ticket sales man ask the husband, "What about your wife?"  The husband replies, "You advertise, 'All Bags Fly Free'!"
Five year old Frankie's parents bought him some new shoes. It had been raining so they told Frankie, "You can't walk in mud puddles with your new shoes."  Frankie went outside as his parents watched from the window. The first thing Frankie did was go to the nearest mud puddle and began to stop his feet in the muddy water.   With the biggest smile on his face Frankie ran back into the house and announced his shoes work just fine in mud puddles.
How do you find actor/rapper Will Smith in the snow?   You look for the fresh prints!
My favorite way to de-clutter my space is to hold every item I own. If it does not bring me any joy, I toss it out.  So far I have thrown out all my vegetables, my electrical bill, a scale, a mirror, and my treadmill.
I received a call from a gentleman that indicated he had stolen my ID...  He said he was RETURNING it because my credit was soooooo bad.
What do you call a person that is Happy on Monday?  RETIRED! 
There is less stress for men because, on average, we will have 6 items in the bathroom: toothbrush, toothpaste,  shaving cream, razor, a bar of soap and a towel.  The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 77 (give or take a few), of which a man would not be able to describe or pronounce more than 25 of them.  
Feeling listless, I bought some expensive "brain-stimulating" pills at the health food store. But it wasn’t until I got home that I read the label.  "This is just rosemary extract," I complained to my husband. "I can’t believe I spent all that money for something that I have growing wild in the yard!"  "See?" he said. "You’re smarter already."
A customer walks into a restaurant and notices a large sign on the wall, "$500 IF WE FAIL TO FILL YOUR ORDER!"  When his waitress arrives, he orders elephant tail on rye. She calmly writes down his order and walks into the kitchen where chaos breaks loose!  The restaurant owner comes storming out of the kitchen. He runs up to the customer's table, slaps five $100 bills down on it and says, "You got me that time buddy, but I want you to know that's the first time in ten years we've been out of rye bread!"
Three Spies are captured in London. One is German, one is French and the other is Italian.   First they interrogate the German spy and after 3 hours of torture he talks and is thrown back into the cell with the others.   Then the French spy is interrogated, and after about 8 hours of torture they get him to talk and throw him back with the others.   Last they interrogate the Italian spy and after 20 hours of torture and failing to make him say a word they give up for the day and throw him back with the others. When he is back in the cell with the other spies asked him,   "how did you last that long without saying a word"? Then the Italian man says, "I was trying to speak but they had my hands strapped down and I wasn't able to move them".
A Chinese Doctor can't find a job in a Hospital in the US, so he opens a clinic and puts a sign outside 'GET TREATMENT FOR $20 - IF NOT CURED GET BACK $100.' An American lawyer thinks this is a great opportunity to earn $100 and goes to the clinic. Lawyer: "I have lost my sense of taste." Chinese: "Nurse, bring medicine from box No. 22 and put 3 drops in patient's mouth." Lawyer: "Ugh. this is kerosene." Chinese: "Congrats, your sense of taste is restored. Give me $20." The annoyed lawyer goes back after a few days to recover his money. Lawyer: "I have lost my memory. I cannot remember anything." Chinese: "Nurse, bring medicine from box no. 22 and put 3 drops in his mouth." Lawyer (annoyed): "This is kerosene. You gave this to me last time for restoring my taste." Chinese: "Congrats. You got your memory back. Give me $20." The fuming lawyer pays him, and then comes back a week later determined to get back $100. Lawyer: "My eyesight has become very weak I can't see at all." Chinese: "Well, I don't have any medicine for that, so take this $100." Lawyer (staring at the note): "But this is $20, not $100!!" Chinese: "Congrats, your eyesight is restored. Give me $20" You can't beat Chinese Doctors
I've been thinking of a career change. I went to a career counselor and found out in testing that I scored off the charts for having a highly dynamic persona and a great smile.   I was also told I'm not very good at follow through nor do I accomplish much though I do appear to look busy.  Here's the good news!  My career counselor told me to "run for public office", even though I'm over qualified!
I decided to write a book but was told if it's an informational book I'd need to be an authority on the subject.   In thinking about this for weeks I decided to write a book about "How Not to Do Things"... I'm pretty much an authority on that subject! 
(Son) Mom who is FDR?   (Mom) I see you’ve been talking with your great grandfather again. FDR was commander in chief when your great grandfather was young.  (Son) Which tribe?  
"Dad what do you call a lady president?"  "Well son, you call a lady president 'Madam President'."  "If  that's what I call a lady president, what would I call a queen?"    "You already know that one son, you call her mom." 
(Dumb Criminal)  Never pick the pocket of a guy wearing a wedding ring!  (Trainee) Why, because he’s a family man and needs the money?   (Dumb Criminal)  No, because his wife already beat you to it.  
A chicken, a tomato, and a potato with a patch over one eye walked into a restaurant for breakfast.  The server came over to their table and said we’ve got chicken friend steak, hard boiled eggs with hash browns and V-8 on special.   After a moment of silence the chicken turned to the tomato and the potato with a patch over his eye and said, "You were right, we should have gone to the waffle house."  
A successful businessman wanted to send his elderly mother a very special gift for her birthday, a rare South American endangered bird valued at $5,000.  When he called his mother to see how she liked the surprise gift he was shocked when she said, "It was quite small, but tasted very good."  He asked her, after her shocking reply, "Mom, that was a $5000 bird that can speak five languages and you ate him?"  "Well, if he could speak five languages he should have spoken up."
A zombie goes to the doctor and says, "Doctor, I have a horrible rash!"  The doctor says, "Son, I'm sorry but that's not a rash, that's called your face."
"I'm sorry," said the clerk in flower shop, "we don't have potted geraniums.  Could you use African violets instead?"  Replied the customer sadly, "No, it was geraniums my wife told me to water while she was gone."   
A juvenile court was prosecuting a teen suspected of burglary. The judge asked everyone to stand and state his or her name and role for the court reporter.  "Leah Rauch, deputy prosecutor."  "Linda Jones, probation officer."  "Sam Clark, public defender."  "John," said the teen who was on trial. "I’m the one who stole the truck."
I am NOT overweight...   I am just not tall enough. 
Bob works hard at the plant and spends two nights each week bowling and plays golf every Saturday.  His wife thinks he's pushing himself too hard, so for his birthday she takes him to a local strip club.  The doorman at the club greets them and says, "Hey, Bob!  How ya doin?"  His wife is puzzled and asks if he's been to this club before.  "Oh no," says Bob. "He's on my bowling team."  When they are seated, a waitress asks Bob if he'd like his usual and brings over a Miller Lite.  His wife is becoming increasingly uncomfortable and says, "How did she know that you drink Miller Lite?"  "I recognize her, she’s the waitress from the golf club. I always have a Lite at the end of the 1st nine, honey."  A stripper then comes over to their table,  throws her arms around Bob, starts to rub herself all over him and says, "Hi Bobby,  want your usual table dance, big boy?"  Bob's wife, now furious, grabs her purse and storms out of the club.  Bob follows and spots her getting into a cab.  Before she can slam the door, he jumps in beside her.  Bob tries desperately to explain how the stripper must have mistaken him for someone else, but his wife is having none of it.  She is screaming at him at the top of her lungs, calling him every four-letter word in the book.  The cabby turns around and says, "Geez, Bob, you picked up a real winner this time."  The funeral for Bob is on Friday.
Two circus acrobats got married...  They just FLIPPED over each other!
A newly married couple was having breakfast at their new apartment when the next door neighbor hung out laundry that appeared to still be dirty.    The new wife commented to her husband that their neighbor did not how to properly do laundry, how to put in correct amount of bleach. detergent, etc. She made this comment every Monday for the next month. Finally, one day, the neighbor's wash appeared to be perfectly clean. The new wife commented on this and said the whole load looked really good.  The husband then replied, "Honey, I got up early today and washed our windows."
It seems that the older we are the more we read the Bible...  Are we cramming for finals?
A woman had been talking on the phone for about half an hour, and then she hung up.  "Wow," said her husband, "that was short. You usually talk for two hours. What happened?"  "Wrong number," replied the wife.
What's your favorite book?  My husband's checkbook.
"What's your favorite childhood memory?"   "Not paying bills." 
It was a sunny Saturday morning, and Murray was beginning his pre-shot routine, visualizing his upcoming shot when a voice came over the clubhouse loudspeaker. "Would the gentleman on the Ladies tee back up to the men's tee, please!"  Murray was still deep in his routine, seemingly oblivious to the interruption.  Again the announcement, "Would the MAN on the WOMEN'S tee, kindly back up to the men's tee!"  Murray had had enough. He broke his stance, lowered his driver back to the ground and shouted, "Would the announcer in the clubhouse kindly be quiet and let me play my second shot?"
There once was an old monk that lived up on top of a mountain. He walked 10 miles barefoot every day and had terrible breath due to his position on non-natural objects and foods.   He called himself The Truth-Carrier, but everyone in the small mountaineering town knew him as a super calloused fragile mystic with chronic halitosis.
My wife and I were having a very hypothetical discussion... In the unlikely event that Hollywood made a movie based on our lives, we wondered what stars would play us.  "Who would you pick to portray you?" she asked me.  I thought about it for a minute, then answered, "George Clooney."  "In that case," she said, "I’ll play myself."
My wife and I went on vacation to a fishing resort. I liked to fish at the crack of dawn. My wife liked to read. One morning I returned after several hours of fishing and decided to take a short nap. Although my wife wasn't familiar with the lake, she decided to take the boat and enjoy the beautiful morning on the water. So she took the boat out a short distance, anchored, and returned to reading her book. Along came the sheriff in his boat. He pulled up alongside my wife and said, “Good morning, Ma'am. What are you doing?”  “Reading my book,” my wife replied, “Isn't it obvious?”  “You're in a restricted fishing area,” he informed her.  “But officer, I'm not fishing. Can't you see that?”  “Yes, but you have all the equipment. I'll have to take you in and write you up.”  “If you do that, I'll have to charge you with rape,” snapped my irate wife.  “But, I haven't even touched you,” groused the sheriff.  “Yes, that's true,” she replied with a slight smile, “But you do have all the equipment.”  MORAL: Never argue with a redhead.
Memo from Director General to Manager: Today at 11 o'clock there will be a total eclipse of the sun.  This is when the sun disappears behind the moon for two minutes.  As this is something that cannot be seen every day, time will be allowed for employees to view the eclipse in the car park.  Staff should meet in the car park at ten to eleven, when I will deliver a short speech introducing the eclipse, and giving some background information.  Safety goggles will be made available at a small cost.  Memo from Manager to Department Head: Today at ten to eleven, all staff should meet in the car park.  This will be followed by a total eclipse of the sun, which will disappear for two minutes.  For a moderate cost, this will be made safe with goggles. The Director General will deliver a short speech beforehand to give us all some background information.  This is not something that can be seen every day.  Memo from Department Head to Floor Manager: The Director General will today deliver a short speech to make the sun disappear for two minutes in the eclipse.  This is something that can not be seen every day, so staff will meet in the car park at ten or eleven.  This will be safe, if you pay a moderate cost.  Memo From Floor Manager to Supervisor: Ten or eleven staff are to go to the car park, where the Director General will eclipse the sun for two minutes.  This doesn't happen every day.  It will be safe, but it will cost you.  Memo from Supervisor to staff: Some staff will go to the car park today to see the Director General disappear.  It is a pity this doesn't happen every day.
An old farmer wanted a loan for $500. He approached his local banker. "What have you got for collateral?" queried the banker, going strictly by the book.  "Don't know what collateral means."  "Well that's something of value that would cover the cost of the loan. Have you got any vehicles?"  "Yes, I have a 1979 pickup."  The banker shook his head, "How about livestock?"  "Yes, I have a horse."  "How old is it?"  "I don't know; it has no teeth."  Finally the banker decided to make the $500 loan. Several weeks later the man was back in the bank. He pulled out a roll of bills, "Here's the money to pay loan," he said, handing the entire amount including interest.  "What are you going to do with the rest of that money?"  "Put it in my pocket."  "Why don't you deposit it in my bank?" he asked.  "I don't know what deposit means."  "Well, you put the money in our bank and we take care of it for you. When you want to use it you can withdraw it."  The man leaned across the desk, looking suspiciously at the banker, and asked, "What you got for collateral?"
My sister was busy getting ready to host our entire family for Easter. On her to-do list was a hair appointment for her daughter.   "So, Katie," said the stylist as the little girl got up in the chair, "who’s coming to your house this weekend with big ears and floppy feet?"  Katie replied, "I think it’s my Uncle Brian."
"Can I have a cigarette?" Jill asked.  "I thought you quit smoking," Mary said  "I'm in the process of quitting," Jill said.  "Right now I am in the middle of phase one."  "What's phase one?" Mary asked.  "I've quit buying," Jill replied.
A man stops by a cafe for breakfast. After paying the tab, he checks his pockets and leaves his tip, three pennies.  As he strides toward the door, his waitress muses, only half to herself, "You know, you can tell a lot about a man by the tip he leaves."  The man turns around, curiosity getting the better of him. "Oh, really? Tell me, what does my tip say?"  "Well, this penny tells me you're a thrifty man. Barely able to conceal his pride."  The man utters, "Hmm, true enough."  "And this penny, it tells me you're a bachelor." Surprised at her perception, he says, "Well, that's true, too."  "And the third penny tells me that your father was one, too."
If 7-11 is open 24/7 why do they have a lock on the door?
Three turtles, Joe, Steve, and Poncho, decide to go on a picnic. So, Joe packs the picnic basket with cookies, bottled sodas, and sandwiches.  The trouble is, the picnic site is 10 miles away. So it takes the turtles take 10 whole days to get there. By the time they do arrive, everyone's super tired. Joe takes the stuff out of the basket, one by one. He takes out the sodas and says, "Alright, Steve, gimme the bottle opener."  "I didn't bring the bottle opener", Steve says. "I thought you packed it."  Joe gets worried. He turns to Poncho, "Poncho, do you have the bottle opener?"  Naturally, Poncho doesn't have it, so the turtles are stuck ten miles away from home without soda.  Joe and Steve beg Poncho to turn back home and retrieve it, but Poncho flatly refuses, knowing that they'll eat everything by the time he gets back. Somehow, after about two hours, the turtles manage to convince Poncho to go, swearing on their great-grand turtles' graves that they won't touch the food.  So, Poncho sets off down the road, slow and steadily. Twenty days pass, but no Poncho. Joe and Steve are hungry and puzzled, but a promise is a promise.   Another day passes, and still no Poncho, but a promise is a promise. After three more days pass without Poncho in sight, Steve starts getting restless.  "I NEED FOOD!" he says with a hint of panic in his voice.  "NO!" Joe retorts. "We promised."  Five more days pass.  Joe realizes that Poncho probably skipped out to the Burger King down the road, so the two turtles weakly lift the lid, pulling out a  sandwich, and open their mouths about to eat. But then, right at that instant, Poncho pops out behind a rock, and says, "Just for that, I'm not going!"
My mind works like lightning...  One second there's a brilliant flash, and then it's gone!
Back in the 1970s, 8 WAS enough.  Fast forward almost 40 years later, 19 and Counting, STILL AIN'T ENOUGH!
Two extraterrestrials had just graduated the space cadet program on their planet. Both were duty assigned to a tiny blue planet in the Milky Way Galaxy called planet Earth. One of the young alien cadets asked the other, "Have you heard of planet Earth?"  His friend answered by saying, "No. I never have. But considering that you and I were last in our class, I have a feeling this is going to be one crazy adventure!"   
(German Sheppard parents to their puppy named Max) Max you'll need to keep your nose to the grindstone and become a working dog if you want to have a bright future.  (Max the puppy) But my friend has kept his nose to the grindstone and he doesn’t have a job.  (Mother replies) Not really Max, your friend Arf Arf is just a Pug. 
Husband: My wife is missing. She went shopping yesterday and has not come home!    Sergeant at Police Station:  What is her height?   Husband:  Gee, I'm not sure. A little over five-feet tall.   Sergeant:  Weight?   Husband:  Don't know. Not slim, not really fat.   Sergeant:  Color of eyes?  Husband:  Sort of brown I think. Never really noticed.   Sergeant:  Color of hair?   Husband:  Change  a couple times a year. Maybe dark brown now. I can’t remember.   Sergeant:  What was she wearing?   Husband:  Could have been pants, or maybe a skirt or shorts. I don't know exactly.   Sergeant:  What  kind of car did she go in?   Husband:  She went in my truck.   Sergeant:  What kind of truck was it?   Husband:  A  2015 Ford F150 King Ranch 4X4 with eco-boost 5.0L V8 engine special ordered with manual transmission and climate controlled air conditioning. It has a custom matching white cover for the bed, which has a matching aftermarket bed liner. Custom leather 6-way seats and "Bubba" floor mats. Trail-ring package with  gold hitch and special wiring hook-ups. DVD with full GPS navigation, satellite radio receiver, 23-channel CB radio, six  cup holders, a USB port, and four power outlets. I added special alloy wheels and off-road Michelin's. It has custom  running boards and indirect wheel well lighting.   At this point the husband started choking up...  Sergeant: Don't worry buddy. We'll find your truck.
Two men were having a conservation about their grandfathers.  One man says, "I was very upset when my grandpa died."  The other man asks him, "How'd he die?"  The first man responds by saying, "World War II."  The other man questions him further. "Died in battle?"  "No he was skiing in Vermont. It was just during World War II."
A priest, a Southern Baptist preacher, and a Rabbi all served as chaplains to the students of Northern Michigan University in Marquette. They would get together two or three times a week for coffee and to talk shop.  One day, someone made the comment that preaching to people isn't really all that hard. A real challenge would be to preach to a bear. One thing led to another, and they decided to do an experiment. They would all go out into the woods, find a bear, preach to it, and attempt to convert it.  Seven days later, they all came together to discuss their experience.  Father Flannery, who had his arm in a sling, was on crutches, and had various bandages on his body and limbs, went first. "Well," he said, "I went into the woods to find me a bear. And when I found him, I began to read to him from the Catechism. Well, that bear wanted nothing to do with me and began to slap me around. So I quickly grabbed my holy water, sprinkled him and, Holy Mary Mother of God, he became as gentle as a lamb. The bishop is coming out next week to give him first communion and confirmation."  Reverend Billy Bob spoke next. He was in a wheelchair, had one arm and both legs in casts, and had an IV drip. In his best fire-and-brimstone oratory, he claimed, "WELL, brothers, you KNOW that WE don't sprinkle! I went out and I FOUND me a bear. And then I began to read to my bear from God's HOLY WORD! But that bear wanted nothing to do with me. So I took HOLD of him and we began to wrestle. We wrestled down one hill, UP another and DOWN another until we came to a creek. So I quickly DUNKED him and BAPTIZED his hairy soul. And just like you said, he became as gentle as a lamb. We spent the REST of the day praising JESUS!"  The priest and the reverend both looked down at the rabbi, who was lying in a hospital bed. He was in a body cast and traction with IVs and monitors running in and out of him. He was in really bad shape. The Rabbi looked up and said, "Looking back on it, circumcision may not have been the best way to start."
(Husband) Honey, at this year’s office Halloween party why don’t I wear a superman costume you can go as a witch?  (Wife) How clever!   (Husband) What do you mean?  (Wife) It’s a polar opposite theme right?  
(Grandson) Grandpa, I think the 'Y generation' has modern views and a forward thinking way more ahead of the life view of your day.   (Grandfather) I appreciate and respect your thoughts but I disagree and can back up my claim with facts.  (Grandson) Sounds fair grandpa, please state your case.  (Grandfather) First off, one question, did you take the ice bucket challenge?  (Grandson, proudly answers) Yes, in fact I did!  (Grandfather) I rest my case.
I have a way with women...  As soon as I open my mouth, they go a-way! 
On social media I posted, “If anyone mentions Christmas before Thanksgiving, I'm going to delete them!”  The next day, I didn’t have any friends.
A new neighbour called the Highways Department to request the removal of the DEER CROSSING sign on the road.   The reason: "Too many deer are being hit by cars out here.  I don't think this is a good place for them to be crossing anymore."
Don't you just hate it when people respond with BIG WORDS that make them sound so PERSPICACIOUS? 
 Politically correct terms for cat owners:  - My cat does not barf hairballs, he is a floor/rug re-decorator.  - My cat does not break things, she helps gravity do its job.  - My cat does not fear dogs, they are merely sprint practice tools.  - My cat does not gobble, she eats with alacrity.  - My cat does not scratch, he is a furniture/rug/skin ventilator.  - My cat is not a "shedding machine," she is a hair relocation stylist.  - My cat is not a "treat-seeking missile," she enjoys the proximity of food.  - My cat is not a chatterbox, she is advising me on what to do next.  - My cat is not a dope addict, she is catnip appreciative.  - My cat is not a ruthless hunter, she is a wildlife control expert.  - My cat is not evil, she is badness enhanced.  - My cat is not fat, he is mass enhanced.  - My cat is not hydrophobic, she has an inability to appreciate moisture.  - My cat is not underfoot, she is shepherding me to my next destination (which should always be the food dish).
After studying all night for his zoology final, David, a senior, enters class confident that he will conquer the test. He takes his seat and looks around at all the panicked faces around him. "I got this," he says to himself, pulling out his lucky pen.   The professor calls for attention and only then does David see the six stuffed birds covered with canvas with only their feet showing. The professor says, "Identify the birds. You have the entire class time. Begin."  "This is impossible," says David.  "Nothing is impossible," replies the professor.   Little by little the other students finish their exam and turn in their papers. David looks down at his blank sheet and shakes his head in disgust as the anger of defeat bubbles forth. "THIS IS RIDICULOUS! I studied all night!" He crumples his test and throws it on the floor. "THIS IS THE DUMBEST TEST I HAVE EVER SEEN!" He jabs his finger in the professor's direction but says nothing, and storms toward the exit.   The professor calls out, "What is your name young man?"  In response, David spins around, hikes up his pants and thrusts his foot at the professor. "You tell me!"
What does a nosey pepper do?  It gets jalapeño business!
Unaware that Indianapolis is on Eastern Standard Time and Chicago on Central Standard Time, Bob inquired at the Indianapolis airport about a plane to Chicago.  "The next flight leaves at 1:00 p.m.," a ticket agent said, "and arrives in Chicago at 1:01 p.m."  "Would you repeat that, please?" Bob asked.  The agent did so and then inquired, "Do you want a reservation?"  "No," said Bob, "But I think I'll hang around and watch that thing take off."
I don't always ride in passenger jets but when I do I buy a first class ticket...  The thing is, flying scares me but in first class they hand out free "bravery beverages"! 
When people run around and around in circles, we say they are crazy...   When planets do it, we say they are orbiting.
A man calls a refrigerator repair service. "My refrigerator isn't working."  "What kind is it?"  "It's a small one."  "Electric, gas or propane?"  "Propane."  "Ah! Then the problem is most likely vapor lock. You don't need a service call, just turn the refrigerator upside down for a few minutes to allow the lock to clear. Then put it back and all should be well."  Second call, a few minutes later. "The least you could have done is to tell me to empty the fridge first!"
A new student at Harvard stopped an upperclassman and asked, "Where's the library at?"  The upperclassman said, "Never end a sentence with a preposition. Cops do it on TV, but it isn't proper, so to speak."  The new student said, "Pardon me.  Where's the library at, MORON?" 
Looking in the mall for a cotton nightgown, I tried my luck in a store known for its hot lingerie. To my delight, however, I found just what I was looking for.   Waiting in the line to pay, I noticed a young woman behind me holding the same nightgown. This confirmed what I suspected all along, that despite being over 50, I still have a very "with it" attitude.   "I see we have the same taste," I said proudly to the 20 something behind me.  "Yes," she replied. "I'm getting this for my grandmother for Christmas."
Many years ago I had stopped in to bring my girlfriend some pizza while she was babysitting.  We received a call that her grandmother had been taken to the hospital, so I agreed to watch the children, so she could meet her family at the hospital.  Well, the parents were at a movie and these were the days before cell phones, so I couldn’t get in touch with them. I thought I was doing pretty well, though. At bedtime I sent the kids upstairs to bed and settled down to watch some TV.  One child kept creeping down the stairs, but I just kept sending him back to bed.  At 9 pm the doorbell rang, it was the next-door neighbor, asking whether her son was there.  I said, “No.”  Just then a little head appeared over the banister and shouted, "I'm here, Mom, but he won't let me go home!"
Dolly Parton and Queen Elizabeth went to the Pearly Gates on the same day.  They both met with an Angel to find out if they would be admitted to Heaven.  The angel said "Unfortunately, there's only one space in Heaven today so I must decide which one of you will be admitted."  The Angel asked Dolly if there was some particular reason why she should go to Heaven. Dolly took off her top and said, "Look at these, they're the most perfect breasts God ever created and I'm sure it will please God to be able to see them every day, for eternity."  The Angel thanked Dolly, and asked Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth the same question.  The Queen walked over to a toilet, pulled the lever and flushes it without saying a word.  The Angel immediately said, "OK, your Majesty, you may go into Heaven."  Dolly was outraged and asked, "What was that all about? I showed you two of God's own perfect creations and you turned me down. She simply flushed a commode and she got admitted to Heaven! Would you explain that to me?  "Sorry, Dolly," said the Angel, "but even in Heaven, a royal flush beats a pair - no matter how big they are." 
Sign up entering a resturant:    NO, we do not have WIFI... TALK TO EACH OTHER!
When Bob found out he was going to inherit a fortune when his sicklyfather died, he decided he needed a woman to enjoy it with. So one evening he went to a singles bar where he spotted the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.  Her natural beauty took his breath away. “I may look like just an ordinary man,” he said as he walked up to her, “but in just a week or two my father will die, and I’ll inherit 20 million dollars.”  Impressed, the woman went home with him that evening.  Three days later, she became his stepmother.
Q:   Why did the 12 chickens cross the road?  A:   It dozen really matter...
Now that I’m older I've realized the value of learning something new each day.  I just wish I could remember it! 
A new supermarket opened in New York. It has an automatic water mister to keep the produce fresh. Just before it goes on, you hear the sound of distant thunder and the smell of fresh rain.   When you pass the milk shelves hear cows mooing and you experience the scent of fresh cut hay.   In the meat department there is the aroma of charcoal grilled steaks with onions.   When you approach the egg case, you hear hens cluck and cackle, and the air is filled with the pleasing aroma of bacon and eggs frying.   The bread department features the tantalizing smell of fresh baked bread & cookies.   I don't buy toilet paper there anymore.  
A lawyer returns to the parking lot to find his sports car with the headlights broken and considerable damage to the front end.  There's no sign of the offending vehicle but he's relieved to see that there's a note stuck under the windshield wiper: "Sorry, I just backed into your car. The witnesses who saw the accident are nodding and smiling at me because they think I'm leaving my name, address and phone number. But I'm not."
When weeding, the best way to make sure you are removing weed and not a valuable plant is to pull on it...  If it comes out of the ground easily, it is a valuable plant!
The English teacher asks if any student can name two words that don’t belong together in a sentence.  Little Johnny raised his hand, "I know, I know… 'man bun' right?"  
Wife mouse asks husband mouse how he’s able to bring home so much food...  He answered by saying, "I’m a gentleman mouse. I always bring someone with me and when we find food I say, 'you first.'" 
I took a tumble down the stairs twice last week...  Apparently that’s how I roll. 
The tired doctor was awakened by a phone call in the middle of the night. "Please, you have to come right over," pleaded the distraught young mother. "My child has swallowed a contraceptive!"  The physician dressed quickly, but before he could get out the door, the phone rang again.  "You don't have to come over after all," the woman said with a sigh of relief. "My husband just found another one."  
A man told his doctor that he wasn't able to do all the things around the house that he used to do.  When the examination was complete, he said, "Now, Doc, I can take it. Tell me in plain English what is wrong with me."  "Well, in plain English," the doctor replied, "you're just lazy."  "Okay," said the man. "Now give me the medical term so I can tell my wife." 
Sign in a local business:  GUARDED BY SHOTGUN  3 Nights A Week... YOU guess which three!
An author wrote a novel and sent it off to a publisher. The publisher held on to the hard copy so long, that termites got into it.   In the final analysis, the book was rejected. The story line had too many holes in it. 
I met a Black Jack dealer and asked if she had any advice...  She said, "Yeah, don’t play!"
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot.  It got so bad, I had to take his bike away.
A police officer stops a young woman for speeding and asks her very nicely if he could see her license.  She replied in a huff, "I wish you guys would get your act together. Just yesterday you take away my license and then today you expect me to show it to you!" 
This is the shortest murder story ever written:  Wife: Are you listening to me?  Husband: No.
Little Zachary was doing poorly in math. His parents, after exhausting all other incentives, finally decided to enroll him in the local Catholic School. After the first day, Little Zachary came home with a very serious look on his face. He went straight to his room and started studying. This continued for some time. His mother was baffled as to why he had become so dedicated.  Finally, Little Zachary brought home his report card. He quietly laid it on the table and went to his room to study. With great trepidation, his mother looked at it and, to her surprise, Little Zachary go an "A" in math. She asked, "Son, what was it? Was it the nuns, the books, the discipline, the uniforms?"  Little Zachary said, "No!"  "What was it?" she asked.  Little Zachary looked at her and said, "Well, on the first day of school, when I saw that guy nailed to the Plus Sign, I knew they weren't fooling around."
Why couldn't the pony sing himself a lullaby?   He was a little hoarse
A man is driving down the road and his car breaks down near a monastery. He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, "My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?"  The monks graciously accept him, feed him dinner, and even fix his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a strange sound. A sound unlike anything he's ever heard before. The Sirens that nearly seduced Odysseus into crashing his ship comes to his mind. He doesn't sleep that night.  He tosses and turns trying to figure out what could possibly be making such a seductive sound. The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." Distraught, the man is forced to leave. Years later, after never being able to forget that sound, the man goes back to the monastery and pleads for the answer again.  The monks reply, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." The man says, "If the only way I can find out what is making that beautiful sound is to become a monk, then please, make me a monk." The monks reply, "You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of grains of sand. When you find these answers, you will have become a monk."  The man sets about his task. After years of searching he returns as a gray-haired old man and knocks on the door of the monastery. A monk answers. He is taken before a gathering of all the monks. "In my quest to find what makes that beautiful sound, I traveled the earth and have found what you asked for: By design, the world is in a state of perpetual change. Only God knows what you ask. All a man can know is himself, and only then if he is honest and reflective and willing to strip away self deception."  The monks reply, "Congratulations. You have become a monk. We shall now show you the way to the mystery of the sacred sound." The monks lead the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, "The sound is beyond that door." The monks give him the key, and he opens the door. Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone. The man is given the key to the stone door and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby. And so it went that he needed keys to doors of emerald, pearl and diamond.  Finally, they come to a door made of solid gold. The sound has become very clear and definite. The monks say, "This is the last key to the last door." The man is apprehensive to no end. His life's wish is behind that door! With trembling hands, he unlocks the door, turns the knob, and slowly pushes the door open. Falling to his knees, he is utterly amazed to discover the source of that haunting and seductive sound...  But, of course, I can't tell you what it is because you're not a monk.
On a cold winter evening, a man and a woman who have never met before find themselves in the same frigid sleeping carriage of a train. After the initial embarrassment, the woman on the top bunk, the man on the lower, they both manage to nod off to sleep.   In the middle of the night the woman leans over and says, "I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm awfully cold and I was wondering if you could possibly hand me one of those blankets over there."   The man leans out and with a glint in his eye and says "I've got a better idea ... let's pretend we're married."   Considering this for a moment, the woman giggles, "Why not?"   "Good," he replies. "Get your own blanket."  
"How come you're late?" asked the bartender, as the blonde waitress walked into the bar.  "It was awful," she explained. "I was walking down Elm street and there was a terrible accident. A man was thrown from his car and he was lying in the middle of the street. His leg was broken, his skull was fractured, and there was blood everywhere. Thank God I took that first-aid course.  "What did you do?" asked the bartender.  "I sat down and put my head between my knees to keep from fainting." 
A little old guy is walking around in a supermarket calling out, "Crisco, Crisssssssco!"  Soon an assistant manager approaches and says, "Sir, the Crisco is in aisle 3."  The old guy replies, "Oh, I'm not looking for the cooking stuff. I'm calling my wife. She's in here somewhere."   The clerk is astonished. "Your wife's name is Crisco?"   The old guy answers, "Oh no, no, no. I only call her that when we're out in public."  "I see," said the clerk. "What do you call her at home?"  "Lard ass."
One day two brothers named trouble and none of your business was out playing, trouble said you wanna play hide and seek, none of your business said sure, so none of your business counted while trouble went and hid. None of your business was looking under the cars and the police said son what's your name? The boy said none of your business, the police stunned said son are you looking for trouble? The boy said why yes!!!!
Two guys are walking down the street when a mugger approaches them and demands their money.  They both grudgingly pull out their wallets and begin taking out their cash. Just then one guy turns to the other and hands him a bill. "Here’s that $20 I owe you," he says. 
Where do animals go when their tails fall off?  The Retail Store!
At the airport for a business trip, I settled down to wait for the boarding announcement at Gate 35. Then I heard the voice on the public address system saying, "We apologize for the inconvenience, but Delta Flight 570 will board from Gate 41."  So my family picked up our luggage and carried it over to Gate 41. Not ten minutes later the public address voice told us that Flight 570 would in fact be boarding from Gate 35. So, again, we gathered our carry-on luggage and returned to the original gate.  Just as we were settling down, the public address voice spoke again. "Thank you for participating in Delta's physical fitness program."
The day after his wife disappeared, a man answered his door to find two grim-faced policemen. "We are sorry Mr. Smith, but we have some information about your wife," said one of the policemen.  "Tell me! Did you find her?!" Mr. Smith shouted.  The Policemen looked at each other. One said, "We have some bad news, some good news, and some really great news. Which do you want to hear first?"  Fearing the worst, Mr. Smith said, "Give me the bad news first."  The Police said, "I'm sorry to tell you, sir, but this morning, we found your wife's body in the sea under the Third Mainland Bridge."  "Oh my God!" exclaimed Smith swallowing hard, he asked, "What's the good news?"  The policeman continued, "When we brought her out, she had five fishes and three tortoises clinging to her."  Stunned, Mr Smith demanded, "If that's the good news, what's the great news?"  The policeman said, "We are going to bring her out again tomorrow."
(Grandpa)   Kids these days don't know history or politics.  (Grandson)    I do grandpa, I know history and politics.  (Grandpa)   OK then, who is Mitt Romney?  (Grandson)   He was a tank commander in WWII, right? 
A magician opened his act by making an egg disappear. A heckler in the front row yells out, “That’s nothing, my ex wife made the house disappear!”  
A man walks out to the street and catches a taxi just going by. He gets into the taxi, and the cabbie says, "Perfect timing. You’re just like Frank."  Passenger: :Who?"  Cabbie: "Frank Feldman. He’s a guy who did everything right all the time. Like my coming along when you needed a cab, things happened like that to Frank Feldman every single time."  Passenger: "There are always a few clouds over everybody."  Cabbie: "Not Frank Feldman. He was a terrific athlete. He could have won the Grand-Slam at tennis. He could golf with the pros. He sang like an opera baritone and danced like a Broadway star and you should have heard him play the piano. He was an amazing guy."  Passenger: "Sounds like he was really something special."  Cabbie: "There’s more. He had a memory like a computer. He remembered everybody’s birthday. He knew all about wine, which foods to order and which fork to eat them with. He could fix anything. Not like me. I change a fuse, and the whole street blacks out. But Frank Feldman could do everything right."  Passenger: "Wow, what a guy!"  Cabbie: ‘He always knew the quickest way to go in traffic and avoid traffic jams. Not like me, I always seem to get stuck in them. But Frank, he never made a mistake, and he really knew how to treat a woman and make her feel good. He would never answer her back even if she was in the wrong; and his clothing was always immaculate, shoes highly polished too. He was the perfect man! He never made a mistake. No one could ever measure up to Frank Feldman."  Passenger: "How did you meet him?"  Cabbie: “I never actually met Frank. He died and I married his wife.”
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
There was once a king who had a majestic daughter, he was  extremely protective of her that he made a rule that no man is ever to approach his daughter.  In the kingdom there were 4 men that were completely lost by her beauty and wanted to lay with her. They decided that they will disobey the king's ruling and kiss her. At night fall they plotted to sneak in to her quarters and execute their plan. Night fall came and they all broke in an kissed the princess.  Pleasing to the princess she moaned in pleasure alarming the guards. The four men were held and brought to the king. The king decided to put them to death but the princess pleaded for them and the king decided he will release them on one condition. They must go out to the wilderness and return with 7 fruits.  Excited with such an easy escape they rushed out: out of the 4 men 3 returned the 1st had 7 apples, the 2nd with 7 pears and the 3rd with 7 grapes.   Becoming impatient  with the 4th man the king said let's continue with the punishment, he told the men that in order to be released they will each have to fit the 7 fruits into their mouth.  The 1st tried with his apples he manged one but couldn't  fit the others  and was put to death.  The 2nd desperate to live manged 3 pears but couldn't  fit the others and was put to death.  The 3rd easily popped 6 of the grapes in his mouth but with the 7th he burst out with laughter and  spit all 7 out and was put to death.  Before he was put to death the others looked at the 3rd guy and asked: "What went wrong with you, why couldn't you fit 7 grapes in your mouth?"  He replied, "Of course I could but I just lost it when I saw the 4th guy coming with 7 watermelons."
On his 10th birthday, little Johnny's father took him aside. "I think you're old enough now that we should have a talk about the birds and the bees."  "No!" said little Johnny. "When I turned 6 you told me there was no Easter Bunny and when I turned 8 you told me there was no Santa Claus."  "So now if you're going to tell me adults don't have sex, I don't wanna hear it!"
In the early 1930's, a farmer and his wife went to a fair. The farmer was fascinated by the airplanes and asked a pilot how much a ride would cost.  "$10 for three minutes," replied the pilot.   "That is too much," said the farmer.  The pilot thought for a second and then said, "I will make you a deal.  If you and your wife ride for three minutes without uttering a sound, the ride will be free.  However, if you make a sound, you will have to pay $10."  The farmer and his wife agreed and went for a wild ride.  After they landed, the pilot said to the farmer, "I want to congratulate you for not making a sound. You are a brave man."  "Maybe so," said the farmer, "but I have to tell you, I almost screamed when my wife fell out."
Now that I'm older and life has slowed down I've had time to take a closer look at things. I've found so much humor in everyday things, so much so that I'll sometimes burst out in uncontrollable laughter and hysterics.   The local gang members must really like humor and seem to respect my new outlook on life. So much so that they always give me a wide birth even after dark.
After a year of target practicing, I've got my shooting problems narrowed down to only two problems...  Elevation and Windage. 
A wife, being the romantic sort, sent her husband a text, “If you are sleeping, send me your dreams. If you are laughing, send me your smile. If you are eating, send me a bite. If you are drinking send me a sip. If you are crying, send me your tears. I love you!"  The husband, typically unromantic, replied,  "I am in the toilet. Please advise."
There was this preacher who was an avid golfer. Every chance he could get, he could be found on the golf course swinging away. It was an obsession. One Sunday was a picture perfect day for golfing. The sun was out, no clouds in the sky, and the temperature was just right.  The preacher was in a quandary as to what to do, and shortly, the urge to play golf overcame him. He called an assistant to tell him that he was not feeling well and could not make it to church to, packed the car up, and drove three hours to a golf course where no one would recognize him. Happily, he began to play the course.  An angel up above was watching the preacher. He went to God and said, "Look at the preacher. Should we teach him a lesson?"  God nodded in agreement. The preacher teed up on the first hole. He swung at the ball and it sailed effortlessly through the air and landed right in the cup, three hundred and fifty yards away. A picture perfect hole-in-one. He was amazed and excited.  The angel was a little shocked. He turned to God and said, "Begging Your pardon, but I thought you were going to teach him a lesson?"  God smiled. "Think about it -- who can he tell?"
 A tourist was admiring the necklace worn by a local Indian. "What is it made of?" she asked.  "Alligator teeth," the Indian replied.  "I suppose," she said patronizingly, "that they mean as much to you as pearls do to us."  "Oh no," he objected. "Anybody can open an oyster."
Halloween. The door bell rings and a man answers it. Here stands this plain but well dressed kid, saying, "Trick or Treat!"  The man asks the kid what he is dressed up as. The kid replies, "I'm an IRS agent."   Then he takes 40 percent of the man's candy, leaves, and doesn't say thank you. 
Here's how I will improve my odds if I were a Bond-film-villain:  • I will not burst into rage and kill the messenger who brings me bad news just to illustrate how evil I am. Good messengers are hard to come by.  • My vats of hazardous chemicals will be covered when not in use. Also, I will not construct walkways above them.  • If I’m eating dinner with the hero, put poison in his goblet, then have to leave the table for any reason, I will order new drinks for both of us instead of trying to decide whether to switch with him.  • My ventilation ducts will be too small to crawl through.  • When I’ve captured my adversary and he says, “Look, before you kill me, will you at least tell me what this is all about?” I’ll say no and finish him off.
Q. What did the Indian say when the herd of Buffalo ran over his boy?  A. Bison
(Little brother to his older sister) What is political correctness? (Older sister) It's something you're not suppose to talk about.   (Little brother) How am I going to find out what it is if I can't talk about it? (Older sister) You can talk about it but you have to talk about it in the right way.   (Little brother) How do I talk about it the right way? (Older Sister) Just don't say anything and you can't go wrong!  (Little brother) How am I suppose to communicate and tell people how I feel. (Older Sister) I haven't got that part figured out yet, it's a slippery slope.   (Little brother) What's a slippery slope?
Zack and Tybe, two Country Farm boys, bought themselves a truckload of watermelons for a buck apiece.  They sold each one for a dollar.   After counting up their cash, they realized they'd wound up with the same amount of money they'd started out with.   "See! " said Tybe. "Ah told yew we shoulda got a bigger truck! "
Martha's Way #1: Stuff a miniature marshmallow in the bottom of a sugar cone to prevent ice cream drips.  The Real Women's Way: Just suck the ice cream out of the bottom of the cone for Pete's sake. You're probably lying on the couch with your feet up eating it anyway.  Martha's Way #2: To keep potatoes from budding, place an apple in the bag with the potatoes.  The Real Women's Way: Buy Hungry Jack mashed potato mix and keep it in the pantry for up to a year.  Martha's Way #3: When a cake recipe calls for flouring the baking pan, use a bit of the dry cake mix instead and there won't be any white mess on the outside of the cake.  The Real Women's Way: Go to the bakery, they'll even decorate it for you.  Martha's Way #4: If you accidentally over salt a dish while it's still cooking, drop in a peeled potato and it will absorb the excess salt for an instant "fix me up."  The Real Women's Way: If you over salt a dish while you are cooking, that's too damn bad. Please recite with me the Real Women's Motto: I made it and you will eat it and I don't care how bad it tastes.  Martha's Way #5: Wrap celery in aluminum foil when putting in the refrigerator and it will keep for weeks.  The Real Women's Way: Celery? If it doesn't have calories, why keep it?  Martha's Way #6: Brush some beaten egg white over pie crust before baking to yield a beautiful glossy finish.  The Real Women's Way: The Mrs. Smith frozen pie directions do not include brushing egg whites over the crust and so don't do it.  Martha's Way #7: Cure for headaches: Take a lime, cut it in half and rub it on your forehead. The throbbing will go away.  The Real Women's Way: Take a lime, cut it in quarters and rub it on the rim of a tall glass. Put lime in glass, fill with gin and tonic water and sip until the throbbing goes away. (repeat as required)  Martha's Way #9: If you have a problem opening jars: Try using latex dish washing gloves. They give a non slip grip that makes opening jars easy.  The Real Women's Way: Go ask the cute neighbor to do it.  And finally...  Martha's way #10: Don't throw out all that leftover wine. Freeze into ice cubes for future use in casseroles and sauces.  The Real Women's Way: Leftover wine?
NEW!!! In Safeway Stores Everywhere... Google brand cell phones in a can!   You can find them in aisle '6' next to the latest I-Phone '7'.  'Generic' SD Memory Cards can be found in the 'pharmacy'.                    Phone 'chargers' can be found, where else, but in 'Automotive' Department.  To Activate: Read directions carefully on cell phone can. When Google wrote the activation directions, he must have temporarily lost his own 'memory card'. So directions may be quite erratic and hard to follow. Good luck!
This year I made my New Years Resolution to finish everything I sta...
Why did the rabbits go on strike?  They thought they deserved a better celery!
(Client) No one understands me!  (Counselor) Why not?  (Client) It’s much like Newton’s third law of motion! The problem is the general derivation of the thrust equation forces pertaining to cognitive exchanges fail to achieve a proportional cohesion to the value of any given communicable sum. Do you know what I mean?   (Counselor) No… 
A suggestion from a Human Resources Manager:   HOW TO PROPERLY PLACE NEW EMPLOYEES . . .   1. Put 400 bricks in a closed room. 2. Put your new hires in the room and close the door. 3. Leave them alone and come back after 6 hours. 4. Then analyze the situation:  If they are counting the bricks, put them in the Accounting Department. b. If they are recounting them, put them in Auditing. c. If they have messed up the whole place with the bricks, put them in Engineering. d. If they are arranging the bricks in some strange order, put them in Planning. e. If they are throwing the bricks at each other, put them in Operations. f. If they are sleeping, put them in Security. g. If they have broken the bricks into pieces, put them in Information Technology. h. If they are sitting idle, put them in Human Resources. i. If they say they have tried different combinations, they are looking for more, yet not a brick has been moved, put them in Sales. j. If they have already left for the day, put them in Management. k. If they are staring out of the window, put them in Strategic Planning. l. If they are talking to each other, and not a single brick has been moved, congratulate them and put them in Top Management.  Finally, if they have surrounded themselves with bricks in such a way that they can neither be seen nor heard from, put them in Congress. 
While attending a marriage seminar dealing with communication, Tom and his wife Grace listened to the instructor, "It is essential that husbands and wives know the things that are important to each other."  He addressed the men, "Can you describe your wife's favorite flower?"  Tom, smiling but looking a little nervous, leaned over, touched his wife's arm gently and whispered, "It's self-rising flour, right?"
A man goes into a cafe and sits down. A waitress comes to take his order, and he asks her, "What's the special of the day?"  "Chili," she says, "but the gentleman next to you got the last bowl."  The man says he'll just have coffee, and the waitress goes to fetch it. As he waited, he noticed the man next to him was eating a full lunch and the bowl of chili remained uneaten.  "Are you going to eat your chili?" he asked.  "No, help yourself," replied his neighbor.  The man picked up a spoon and eagerly began devouring the chili. When he got halfway through the bowl, he noticed the body of a dead mouse in the bottom of the bowl. Sickened, he puked the chili he had just eaten back into the bowl.     The man sitting next to him says, "Yeah, that's as far as I  got, too."
The Stork family sits down to dinner. The momma stork asks the daddy stork, "So how was your day dear?"  "Well", he replied, "I flew North and South all day, making people happy. And how was your day?"  She answers, "Pretty much the same. I flew East and West making families happy."  They both turn to junior Stork, "And how was your day?", they asked.  Junior Stork tells them, "I had a blast! I flew all over, scaring the heck out of college students!" 
Whomever put the first 'r' in February must have put the first 'd' in Wednesday.
Know a sure way to bug your wife or girlfriend? 		 When they ask you that loaded question, "How do I look?", just say, "With your eyes."		 
(Grandson) Grandpa, I have some advice for you.    (Grandfather) Son, at your age you need to be listening more than advising.   (Grandson) Okay Grandpa, just thought you might want to know your shoe is too close the campfire and it just burst into flames.  
In high school, two boys, two friends (one Spanish and one American), were talking about the grades they received in their classes.   American boy: "You got an F in Spanish! How could that happen? Spanish is what you speak at home and stuff."   Spanish boy: "Probably the same way you got an F in English."
A customer walks into a restaurant and orders a bowl of soup. The waiter brings it out and there's a fly in the bowl.   "Waiter, this soup has a fly in it," the customer says. "Please bring me another."  The waiter walks into the kitchen and tells the chef, "Another fly for the customer."
"Can I buy a live shark here?"  "Lady, what do you want with a live shark?"  "A neighbor's cat has been eating my goldfish, and I want to teach him a lesson."
Teacher: "Little Johnny, give me a sentence using the word, 'geometry.'" Little Johnny: "A little acorn grew and grew until it finally awoke one day and said, 'Gee, I'm a tree.'"
Hanging in the hallway at a high school are the basketball team pictures from the past decades. A player in the center of the front row in each picture holds a basketball identifying the year -- "92-93," "93-94," "94-95," etc.  One day the principal spotted a freshman looking curiously at the photos. Turning to the principal, he said, "Isn't it strange how the teams always lost by one point?" 
Once there was a skunk family.  There was a mother skunk a father skunk and 2 twin skunks one called In and one called out.  In and Out didn't get along.  Whenever In was in Out was out.  Whenever Out was in In was out.  One day Out was in and In was out but in never came back home.  The father skunk went out to look for In and couldn't find him.  The mother skunk went out to look for In and couldn't find him.  Finally Out went out to find In and came back really quick.  The father skunk and the mother skunk asked Out how he found In so quick.  In said it was easy In Stink.
Why did God create stock analysts? In order to make weather forecasters look good.
YOU KNOW YOU ARE LIVING IN 2016 when...   1. You accidentally enter your PIN on the microwave.  2. You haven't played solitaire with real cards in years.  3. You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of three.   4. You e-mail the person who works at the desk next to you.  5. Your reason for not staying in touch with friends and family is that they  don't have e-mail addresses.  6. You pull up in your own driveway and use your cell phone to see if anyone is home to help you carry in the groceries.   7. Every commercial on television has a web site at the bottom of the screen.  8. Leaving the house without your cell phone, which you didn't even have the first 20 or 30 (or 60) years of your life, is now a cause for panic, and you turn around to go and get it .   10. You get up in the morning and go online before getting your coffee.  11. You start tilting your head sideways to smile. : )  12. You're reading this and nodding and laughing.   13. Even worse, you know exactly to whom you are going to forward this message.  14. You are too busy to notice there was no #9 on this list.  15. You actually scrolled back up to check that there wasn't a #9 on this list.
Three engineers and three accountants were traveling by train to a conference. At the station, the three accountants each bought tickets and watched as the three engineers bought only one ticket.  "How are three people going to travel on only one ticket?" asked an accountant.   "Watch and you'll see", answered an engineer.  They all boarded the train. The accountants took their respective seats, but the three engineers all crammed into a rest room and closed the door behind them. Shortly after the train departed, the conductor came around collecting tickets. He knocked on the restroom door and said, "Ticket, please".  The door opened just a crack and a single arm emerged with a ticket in hand. The conductor took it and moved on.  The accountants saw this and agreed it was a quite clever idea. So, after the conference, the accountants decide to copy the engineers on the return trip and save some money (being clever with money, and all that). When they got to the station, they bought a single ticket for the return trip. To their astonishment, the engineers didn't buy a ticket at all.  "How are you going to ride without a ticket"? Said one perplexed accountant. "Watch and you'll see", answered an engineer.  When they boarded the train, the three accountants crammed into a restroom and the three engineers crammed into another one nearby. The train departed. Shortly afterward, one of the engineers left his restroom and walked over to the restroom where the accountants were hiding. He knocked on the door and said, "Ticket, please."  
Q: What's the difference between Outlaws and In-laws?  A: Outlaws are wanted.  
A software engineer, a mechanical engineer, and an electrical engineer are carpooling to work, when suddenly the car stops running and they pull over. The mechanical engineer says, "I think it's a problem with the engine. I'll have to get out and inspect." The electrical engineer says, "No, no. It's got to be an electrical issue. I will grab my meter and troubleshoot to find out what is going on." The software engineer says, "Nuts to all that. Let's just get out and get back in again."
My Dad bought my Mom a piano for her birthday. A few weeks later, I asked how she was doing with it.   "Oh," said My Dad, "I persuaded her to switch to a clarinet."   "How come?" I asked.   "Well," he answered, "because with a clarinet, she can't sing."
An honest man was being tailgated by a stressed out woman on a busy boulevard. Suddenly, the light turned yellow, just in front of him. He did the right thing, stopping at the crosswalk, even though he could have beaten the red light by accelerating through the intersection. The tailgating woman hit the roof, and the horn, screaming in frustration as she missed her chance to get through the intersection. As she was still in mid-rant, she heard a tap on her window and looked up into the face of a very serious police officer. The officer ordered her to exit her car with her hands up. He took her to the police station where she was searched, finger printed, photographed, and placed in a holding cell.   After a couple of hours, a policeman approached the cell and opened the door. She was escorted back to the booking desk where the arresting officer was waiting with her personal effects. He said, "I'm very sorry for this mistake. You see, I pulled up behind your car while you were blowing your horn, flipping off the guy in front of you, and cussing a blue streak at him. "I noticed the 'Choose Life' license plate holder, the 'What Would Jesus Do' bumper sticker, the 'Follow Me To Sunday-School' bumper sticker, and the chrome-plated Christian fish emblem on the trunk.   Naturally, I assumed you had stolen the car." 
A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A young student nurse appears and gives him a partial sponge bath.  "Nurse,"' he mumbles from behind the mask, "Are my testicles black?"  Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don't know, Sir. I'm only here to wash your upper body and feet."  He struggles to ask again, "Nurse, please check for me. Are my testicles black?"  Concerned that he might elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worrying about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers.  She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles gently in the other.  She looks very closely and says, "There's nothing wrong with them, Sir. They look fine."  The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely:   "Are - my - test - results - back?"
An elderly couple are in church. The wife leans over and whispers to her husband - "I just let out a long, silent fart. What should I do?"   The husband replies, "First off, replace the batteries in your hearing aid!"
A: I have the perfect son.  B: Does he smoke?  A: No, he doesn't.  B: Does he drink whiskey?  A: No, he doesn't.  B: Does he ever come home late?  A: No, he doesn't.  B: I guess you really do have the perfect son. How old is he?  A: He will be six months old next Wednesday.
My doctor told me I need to get more cardio exercise and my wife agreed with him. I said, "What about love making, does that count?"  My wife said, "Yes, but I think you're going to need more than three minutes a day."  
Following my diet plan for tonight, I had a salad that had lots of croutons and tomatoes.   Actually, I only had one big round crouton, covered with tomato sauce and cheese.  Fine, maybe I had a pizza.   Ok, I confess, I ate a whole pizza!
What are secrets?   Secrets are what we tell everyone not to tell anyone. 
I just finished a 14 day diet plan... in 6 hours and 32 minutes!
Dentist: Little Johnny, you're not brushing your teeth very well. Do you know what comes after decay?  Little Johnny: De 'L'?
A religious man who had reached the age of 105 suddenly stopped going to synagogue. Alarmed by the old fellow's absence after so many years of faithful attendance, the Rabbi went to see him.  He found him in excellent health, so the Rabbi asked, "How come after all these years we don't see you at services anymore?"  The old man looked around and lowered his voice. "I'll tell you, Rabbi," he whispered. "When I got to be 90, I expected God to take me any day. But then I got to be 95, then 100, then 105. So I figured that God is very busy and must've forgotten about me, and I don't want to remind Him!"
The wise old Mother Superior from county Tipperary was dying. The nuns gathered around her bed trying to make her comfortable. They gave her some warm milk to drink, but she refused it. Then one nun took the glass back to the kitchen. Remembering a bottle of Irish whiskey received as a gift the previous Christmas, she opened and poured a generous amount into the warm milk.  Back at Mother Superior's bed, she held the glass to her lips. Mother Superior drank a little, then a little more. Before they knew it, she had drunk the whole glass down to the last drop. "Mother", the nuns pleaded, "Please give us some wisdom before you die."  She raised herself up in bed with a pious look on her face and said, "Don't sell that cow."
The more you weigh, the harder it is to kidnap you.   Stay safe. Eat more cake.
The room was full of pregnant women and their partners, and the class was in full swing. The instructor was teaching the women how to breathe properly, along with informing the men how to give the necessary assurances at this stage of the plan.  The teacher then announced, "Ladies, exercise is good for you. Walking is especially beneficial. And, gentlemen, it wouldn't hurt you to take the time to go walking with your partner."  The room got quiet. Finally, a man in the middle of the group raised his hand. "Yes?" replied the teacher.  "Is it all right if she carries a golf bag while we walk?"
Joe: When I would wear my hand-me-downs to school, all the boys would make fun of me.  Moe: What did you do?  Joe: I hit them over the head with my purse.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road... and was cited for littering.
Patient: It must be tough spending all day with your hands inside someone's mouth?  Dentist: I prefer to think of it as having my hands inside their wallet. 
There were three men on a hill with their watches. The first man threw his watch down the hill and it broke. The second man threw his watch down the hill and it broke.  The third man threw his watch down the hill, walked all the way to the bottom, and caught it. The other two men were puzzled and asked the third man how he did it.  The third man said, "Easy. My watch is 5 minutes slow."
A Texan dies and goes to Hell.  Like with all new arrivals, Satan enjoys messing with the Texan.  First, Satan turns the thermostat to 100 degrees with 80% humidity.  Satan goes to check on the Texan only to become angry when he sees the Texan reclining in a lawn chair, sipping iced tea saying, "This is great! Just like Texas in June!"  Satan decides he will turn the thermostat up to 110 degrees and 90% humidity.  Satan, then, returns to his new Texas arrival only to see him still in his lawn chair, sipping iced tea saying, "This is even better!  Just like Texas in July!"  Satan is becoming more angry so he decides he will move the thermostat to 120 degrees and 100% humidity.  Once again, Satan returns to his new arrival only to see the Texan still in his lawn chair, sipping iced tea saying,  "Oh wow!  Just like Texas in August!"  By this time, Satan is really mad.  He decides he's going to do a complete turnaround on the temperature in Hell.  Satan turns the thermostat to well below freezing.  Satan returns to the Texan.  Satan is completely shocked by the Texan's reaction:  The Texan is whooping and hollering, "Whoo Hoo!!! The Rangers just won the World Series!!!!"
Teacher: How many feet are in a yard?  Little Johnny: It depends on how many people are standing in it.
Here's a list of CLEVER WORDS for CLEVER PEOPLE...   1. ARBITRATOR  A cook that leaves Arby's to work at McDonald's.   2. BERNADETTE  The act of torching a mortgage.   3. BURGLARIZE  What a crook sees through.   4. AVOIDABLE  What a bullfighter tries to do.   5. COUNTERFEITER  Workers who put together kitchen cabinets.   6. LEFT BANK  What the bank robbers did when their bag was full of money.   7. HEROES  What a man in a boat does.   8. PARASITES  What you see from the Eiffel Tower.   9. PARADOX  Two physicians.   10. PHARMACIST  A helper on a farm.   11. RELIEF  What trees do in the spring.   12. RUBBERNECK  What you do to relax your wife.   13. SELFISH  What the owner of a seafood store does.   14. SUDAFED  Brought litigation against a government official.
That new bar down the street is running a GREAT special...  Buy one beer for the price of two and receive a second beer absolutely FREE!
"What did I do wrong, baby? (silence) Sweetheart... tell me what's wrong."  "Nothing."  "I know something's wrong..."  "I'm fine."  "Just tell me what I did."  "You know what you did."  "I really don't! Please tell me so I can fix it."  "I shouldn't have to tell you. You should already know."  "Well, please... since I don't... please just tell me!"   (She sighs and turns around.)  "Back in 1985..."
No one knew she had a dental implant, until it came out in conversation.
A father put his 3-year-old daughter to bed, told her a story and listened to her prayers which ended by saying, "God bless Mommy, God bless Daddy, God bless Grandma and goodbye Grandpa."  The father asked, 'Why did you say good-bye Grandpa?'  The little girl said, "I don't know daddy, it just seemed like the thing to do." The next day grandpa died. The father thought it was a strange coincidence.  A few months later the father put the girl to bed and listened to her prayers, "God bless Mommy, God Bless Daddy and goodbye Grandma." The next day the grandmother died.  "Holy crap" thought the father, "this kid is in contact with the other side."   Several weeks later when the girl was going to bed the dad heard her say, "God bless Mommy and goodbye Daddy."  He practically went into shock. He couldn't sleep all night and got up at the crack of dawn to go to his office. He was nervous as a cat all day, had lunch and watched the clock. He figured if he could get by until midnight he would be okay. He felt safe in the office, so instead of going home at the end of the day he stayed there, drinking coffee, looking at his watch and jumping at every sound. Finally midnight arrived; he breathed a sigh of relief and went home.  When he got home his wife said, "I've never seen you work so late. What's the matter?" He said, "I don't want to talk about it, I just had the worst day of my life." She said, "You think you had a bad day? You'll never believe what happened to me. This morning the mailman dropped dead on our porch!"
After completing his annual physical on a patient. The doctor asked if there was anything that was bothering him. Joe said ya my Hearing.  The doctor examined Joe's ear and removed some ear wax. He then asked Joe if his hearing was better.  Joe said I don't know the hearing is next Tuesday
Two women were playing golf. One teed off and watched in horror as her ball headed directly toward a foursome of men playing the next hole.  The ball hit one of the men. He immediately clasped his hands together at his groin, fell to the ground and proceeded to roll around in agony.  The woman rushed down to the man, and immediately began to apologize.  "Please allow me to help. I'm a Physio-Therapist and I know I can relieve your pain if you'd allow me."  "Oh, no, I'll be alright. I'll be fine in a few minutes," the man replied. He was in obvious agony, lying in the fetal position, still clasping his hands there at his groin. At her persistence, however, he finally allowed her to help.  She gently took his hands away and laid them to the side, loosened his pants and put her hands inside.  She administered tender and artful massage for several long moments and asked, "How does that feel?"   "Feels great," he replied; "but I still think my thumb's broken!"
An old man was wondering if his wife had a hearing problem. So one night, he stood behind her while she was sitting in her lounge chair. He spoke softly to her, "Honey, can you hear me?"  There was no response.  He moved a little closer and said again, "Honey, can you hear me?"  Still, there was no response.  Finally he moved right behind her and said, "Honey, can you hear me?"  She replied, "For the third time, Yes!" 
Grandpa and Grandma were living with their son and daughter-in-law. Grandpa noticed that his son had a bottle of Viagra and asked if he could have one.  His son said, "Dad, I don't think you should take one, they're very strong and expensive."  Grandpa said, "I know, but I want to try one. How much are they?"  His son replied, "$30 each."  Grandpa only had a $50 bill but was going to the bank. He told his son that he would leave $30 under his pillow that night.  The next morning his son found $130 under his pillow and said, "Dad, I told you it was only $30. There's $130 under my pillow!"  Grandpa said, "That's ok, the other $100 is from Grandma!"
A man goes to see his doctor. When he sits down the examining room, he has a green bean in each nostril, a carrot in one ear and a zucchini in the other.  He says, “Doc, I don’t feel well.”  The doctor looks and him and replies, “That's because you’re not eating well.” 
Employer: "We need someone responsible for this job."  Applicant: "Sir your search ends here! In my previous job whenever something went wrong, everybody said I was responsible." 
Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish?   A: Every morning you'll rise and shine!   
So there was this female business executive who was late for a meeting.  She was going 65 on a street where the speed limit was 40.   A cop pulled her over and said “ma’am, can I please see your license?”   She said, “I’m sorry, officer, but I got it revoked two years ago for drunk driving.”   His brow furrowed and he straightened up.  “Well, can I please see the registration of your car?”   She said, “I stole the car and I killed the driver; he’s in the trunk.”   “Ma’am, DON’T MOVE, I’m calling for back-up.”  He muttered furiously into his walkie-talkie… Five minutes later, half the squad pulls up, the Chief of Police walked over to the woman’s window.  “Ma’am, can I see your license?” he asked sternly.    “Of course, officer,” she smiled demurely and pulls out a license from her purse.    He squinted warily at it.  “This looks legitimate,” he mumbled.  “Can I see the registration to this car?”   She pulled it out of the glove compartment and handed it to him.   “Ma’am, stand back!”  He banged open the trunk of the car and flinched: but it was completely empty…   The woman brandishes a finger at the first cop and says accusingly, “And I’ll bet that liar told you I was speeding too!!”
A man crosses the road from a hospital and enters a bar and immediately asks for three treble whiskeys and a beer. The barman pours the drinks and the man swallows each whiskey in one swallow.  The barman is alarmed by this and expresses his concern only for the man to reply, ”IF YOU HAD WHAT I HAVE THEN YOU WOULD BE KNOCKING THE DRINKS BACK TOO!”  The barman places the beer on the counter and watches the man chug down the brew and asks sympathetically, “what have you got?”  The man places the empty glass down and replies “an empty wallet.” 
CEO -- Chief Embezzlement Officer.  CFO -- Corporate Fraud Officer.  BULL MARKET -- A random market movement causing an investor to mistake himself for a financial genius.  VALUE INVESTING -- The art of buying low and selling lower.  P/E RATIO -- The percentage of investors wetting their pants as the market keeps crashing.  BROKER -- What my broker has made me.  STANDARD & POOR -- Your life in a nutshell.  STOCK ANALYST -- Idiot who just downgraded your stock.  STOCK SPLIT -- When your ex-wife and her lawyer split your assets equally between themselves.  FINANCIAL PLANNER -- A guy whose phone has been disconnected.  MARKET CORRECTION -- The day after you buy stocks.  CASH FLOW-- The movement your money makes as it disappears down the toilet.  YAHOO -- What you yell after selling it to some poor sucker for $240 per share.  WINDOWS -- What you jump out of when you're the sucker who bought Yahoo @ $240 per share.  INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR -- Past year investor who's now locked up in a nuthouse.  PROFIT -- An archaic word no longer in use. 
Why did Star Wars Episodes 1, 2, and 3 come after Episodes 4, 5, and 6?   In charge of the release dates, Yoda was. 
After an elderly couple starts getting forgetful, they visit their doctor. Their doctor tells them that many people find it useful to write themselves little notes. When they get home, the wife says, "Dear, will you please go to the kitchen and get me a dish of ice cream? And maybe write that down so you won't forget?" "Nonsense," says the husband. "I can remember a dish of ice cream." "Well, I'd also like some strawberries and whipped cream on it," the wife replies. "My memory's not all that bad," says the husband. "No problem -- a dish of ice cream with strawberries and whipped cream. I don't need to write it down." He goes into the kitchen, and his wife hears pots and pans banging. The husband finally emerges from the kitchen and presents his wife with a plate of bacon and eggs. She looks at the plate and asks, "Hey, where's the toast I asked for?"
A guy and his wife find an S & M magazine under their son's bed. Mom says "This is horrible, what should we do?"  Dad goes, "Well we can't spank him!"
“But why can’t I talk inside the library?”  Sandy asked her mother.  “Because you have to be quiet. Noise is a distraction.  The people around you can’t read.” “Can’t read? Then why are they at the library?”  
The wife, whose husband has a collection of guitars, was before the judge after smashing every single one of them.  The judge ask s, "First offender?"  She replied,  "No, your honor. First a Gibson, second a Fender."
A husband and wife entered a dentist's office. The wife said, “I want a tooth pulled. I don't want gas or novocaine because I am in a terrible hurry. Just pull the tooth as quickly as possible.”   “You are a brave woman,” said the dentist. “Now, show me which tooth it is.”  The wife turns to her husband and says, “Open your mouth and show the dentist which tooth it is, dear.”  
Store owner: "Thank you for your patronage. I wish I had twenty customers like you."   Customer: "Gosh, it's nice to hear that, but I'm kind of surprised. You know that I argue every bill and always pay late."   Store owner: "I'd still like twenty customers like you. The problem is, I have two hundred customers like you." 
A guy walks into a shoe store and asks for a pair of shoes that are clearly undersized for him. The salesman says, "But, sir, I can see from up here that you'll need much bigger shoes than that."  The guy says, "That's OK, please bring me the smaller ones."  The salesman brings them, the guy stuffs his feet into them, ties them tight, and then he stands up, obviously in pain. The salesman just has to ask, "Sir, why must you have these undersized shoes?"  He says to the salesman, "I work a boring job, my mother-in-law has just moved in with us, my wife is nagging all the time, and our daughter does nothing but run around screaming the whole day. The only pleasure I have in life is taking off these tight shoes."
What do you call the breeze from a wagging tail?  Tail Wind!
Q: What did the octopus say to his girlfriend when he proposed?   A: Can I have your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand in marriage?
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?"   Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there.  In that case the grass is soaked in the blood and tears of the innocent.
What do you get when you feed a skunk habanero chiles?   Pepper spray!
I could not find a frozen chicken big enough for my family dinner. I asked the young man behind the butcher counter if these chickens got any larger?  He replied, "I'm afraid not, they are all dead."
Sign in front of my local watering hole:  FROG PARKING ONLY!  All others will be TOAD.
What's the biggest lie one tells him/herself?  I don't need to write it down, I'll remember it later. 
New Restroom signs:  Men to the LEFT!  Ladies to the RIGHT! (Easier to remember since they are always RIGHT!)
A man went on a dating website, hoping to find a wife. In his profile description he wrote, "Looking for a woman that is smart, pretty, funny, a good cook, organized at home, and has a BASS BOAT!"  He then paused, gave it some more thought, and added, "To be considered, please include picture of the boat." 
Of course I talk to myself, sometimes I need EXPERT advice!
An announcement at the local ice skating rink: "Will the lady that left 6 kids on the ice rink, please pick them up. THEY ARE MAKING OUR PROFESSIONAL HOCKEY TEAM LOOK BAD!"
Who's the Smarter Shopper?  When a man goes shopping he will pay $2 for a $1 item he needs...  A woman will pay $1 for a $2 item that she does not need, but IT'S ON SALE!
When eating out, 3 guys will each throw in $20, even though the bill comes out to $31.20. None of them will carry anything other than a $20 bill and none will actually admit they want change back.  When 3 ladies get their bill... OUT COME THE CALCULATORS! 
A group of gentlemen had been discussing, since the mid 1800's, about forming a club to address the defective LIBERTY BELL that was ordered from the Whitechapel Foundry of London in 1751.  The LIBERTY BELL cracked the first time it was rung. After various attempts to repair the iconic crack, it was last rung in 1846.  The Philadelphia Procrastination Club was finally formed around 1956 with a charter to request authorization from the Whitechapel Foundry for return of the defective bell. After various drafts of this request, it was finally approved by the Philadelphia Procrastination Club membership 50 years after their formation.  The Whitechapel Foundry of London issued approval for the return of the bell with the stipulation that the bell be returned with its "ORIGINAL PACKAGING". 
“Poor Old fool,” thought the gentleman as he watched an old man trying to fish in a puddle of water outside of the bar. He decided to invite the old man inside for a drink. As they sipped their whiskeys, the gentleman thought he’d humor the old man and asked, “So how many have you caught so far?”  The old man replied, “You’re the eighth today.”
Dear Mom & Dad:  We're having a great time here at Lake Typhoid! Scoutmaster Webb is making us all write to our parents in case you saw the flood on TV and worried. We are okay. Only 1 of our tents and 2 sleeping bags got washed away. Luckily, none of us got drowned because we were all up on the mountain looking for Chad when it happened.  Oh yes, please call Chad's mother and tell her he is okay. He can't write because of the cast. I got to ride in one of the search & rescue jeeps. It was neat. We never would have found him in the dark if it hadn't been for the lightning. Scoutmaster Webb got mad at Chad for going on a hike alone without telling anyone. Chad said he did tell him, but it was during the fire so he probably didn't hear him.  Did you know that if you put gas on a fire, the gas can will blow up? The wet wood still didn't burn, but one of our tents did. Also some of our clothes. John is going to look weird until his hair grows back.  We will be home on Saturday if Scoutmaster Webb gets the car fixed. It wasn't his fault about the wreck. The brakes worked okay when we left. Scoutmaster Webb said that a car that old you have to expect something to break down; that's probably why he can't get insurance on it. We think it's a neat car. He doesn't care if we get it dirty; and if it's hot, sometimes he lets us ride on the tailgate. It gets pretty hot with 10 people in a car. He let us take turns riding in the trailer until the highway patrolman stopped and talked to us.   Scoutmaster Webb is a neat guy. Don't worry, he is a good driver. In fact, he is teaching Terry how to drive. But he only lets him drive on the mountain roads where there isn't any traffic. All we ever see up there are logging trucks.  This morning all of the guys were diving off the rocks and swimming out in the lake. Scoutmaster Webb wouldn't let me because I can't swim and Chad was afraid he would sink because of his cast, so he let us take the canoe across the lake. It was great. You can still see some of the trees under the water from the flood. Scoutmaster Webb isn't crabby like some scoutmasters. He didn't even get mad about the life jackets.  He has to spend a lot of time working on the car so we are trying not to cause him any trouble. Guess what? We have all passed our first aid merit badges. When Dave dove in the lake and cut his arm, we got to see how a tourniquet works.  Also Wade and I threw up. Scoutmaster Webb said it probably was just food poisoning from the leftover chicken. He said they got sick that way with food they ate in prison.  I have to go now. We are going into town to mail our letters. Don't worry about anything. We are fine.  Love, Billy  P.S. How long has it been since I had a tetanus shot?
Took my 72 year old father to have his eyes checked. That's when we realized his eyes were just fine.  He was ask to read the characters on the bottom line. His reply: M-A-D-E- I-N- C-H-I-N-A
The math professor says, "Pi R square"....  But everyone knows "Pi R ROUND"!
Father: Son, today is your exam. If you fail, that's it, don't ever call me your father again. Got it?  Son: Okay dad! I'll do my best!  After the exam..  Father: So, how's the exam?  Son: Sorry Sir, do I know you?
A mother was taking her two young ones to grandpa’s birthday party. The two kids were whispering in the back seat. One of the children said, "You can’t have a birthday party without a birthday cake."   The other child said, "Yup, that’s right! No cake no party!"   "What makes you two think there won’t be a birthday cake?" asked the mother.    "Are you kidding mom, Grandpa's going to need a garden hose to put that fire out."  
Two seagulls were flying toward a very crowded beach. They couldn’t believe their eyes when they spotted a flying cow in front of them.  The one seagull turned to the other one and said, "I have a feeling someone’s going to have a very bad day."  
I could never trust a camel... or anyone else who can go for a week without a drink!
Alcohol is an absolute necessity, because NO great story has ever begun with someone eating a salad!
The perfect martini starts with pouring gin, vermouth, and olives into the trash where they belong.  DRINK WHISKEY!!! 
Sign outside the pub:   Come in and meet your future ex-wife!
I work a lot but still want to help around the house and with the kids. My wife asked me to do the dishes, put the kids to bed and read a bedtime story.  The next day she had no assignments for me so I asked why. She informed me that I just don’t have the skill set  and that she had to redo the dishes.  I said how about the bedtime story thing? She said, well, ok, but this time you have to read it out loud.    
Three preachers sat discussing the best positions for prayer, while a telephone repairman worked nearby.  "Kneeling is definitely best," claimed one.  "No," another contended.  "I get the best results standing with my hands outstretched to Heaven."  "You're both wrong," the third insisted.  "The most effective prayer position is lying prostrate, face down on the floor."  The repairman could contain himself no longer. "Hey, fellas," he interrupted, "the best prayin' I ever did was hangin' upside down from a telephone pole."   
NIKE was founded by men, so its tagline says - "Just do it!"  If it had been founded by a woman, its tagline would have been...  "Just do it... if you want to... I don't want to force you... It's your life... Anyway you don't listen to me.. Do what you want to do... Who am I to say anything... But it has to happen and you have to do it!"
Wouldn't the world be a better place if some people used a GLUE STICK instead of LIP GLOSS?
A car gets a flat tire on the Interstate one day. The lady driver eases it over onto the shoulder of the road. She carefully steps out of the car and opens the trunk. She then takes out two cardboard men, unfolds them and stands them at the rear of the vehicle facing oncoming traffic. The lifelike cardboard men are in trench coats and appear naked to approaching drivers.  Not surprisingly, the traffic became snarled and backed up. It wasn't very long before a police car arrives. The Officer, clearly enraged, approaches the lady of the disabled vehicle yelling, "What is going on here?"  "My car broke down, Officer" says the woman, calmly.  "Well, what the hell are these obscene cardboard pictures doing here by the road?!" asks the Officer.  "Well, those are my emergency flashers!" she replies.
What do you say to your single friends on Valentine’s Day?   Happy Independence Day!
If you paint your finger purple, and wiggle it in the air, is it ... FingerPrince? 
I didn't mean to gain all this weight. It happened by snaccident.
Three pastors met & agreed to sincerely tell each other their problems which must be kept a secret between the three of them.  The first pastor said; my problem is money l do steal even from the church offering. Please pray for me.  The second pastor; mine is women. Whenever l see any woman my desire will be to go to bed with her, infact l have slept with most of the church (female) members.  Turning to the third pastor to hear his problem he started crying (it took his friends some effort to calm him). When they asked him to continue, he was still crying, he said my problem is gossiping, when we leave this place everybody will hear all what the two of you have just told me. Please pray for me!  The two pastors fainted.
In school we were taught that Hannibal crossed the Alps with elephants.  However, none of the offspring survived.
A CEO would always schedule weekly meetings at 4:30 PM every Friday. The co-workers always complained about it until one finally got courage to ask his boss, “Why do you put the meetings at Friday 4:30?” “Because it’s the only time you guys don’t argue with me.” 
What do you do when you see a SPACEMAN?  You park your car in it!
When I heard A new medium opened shop in town, curiosity got the best of me, and I decided to drive down there and check it out in person. As soon as I sat down, the medium entered the room, came over and sat down across from where I was seated.      She laid her hand on my hand and said, "By the will of the spirits, you will walk today."  I told her that I was not paralyzed, and I could walk. Again she said, " By the will of the spirits,  you will walk today."  Again I said that there is nothing wrong with me.     After the séance, I stepped outside and lo and behold… My car was gone!   
A close friend confided in me that she had finally found Mr. Right...  Later she confessed she did not realize that she had found Mr. Always Right! 
I can learn something new everyday...  Of course I also forget five other things!
Two dogs wearing their finest collars entered a bar.  After ordering they noticed that all the other dogs in the bar were not wearing collars.  That's when they realized they were in a STRAY BAR.
A distraught senior citizen phoned her doctor's office. "Is it true," she wanted to know, "that the medication you prescribed has to be taken for the rest of my life?"  "Yes, I'm afraid so," the doctor told her.  There was a moment of silence before the senior lady replied, "I'm wondering then, just how serious is my condition because this prescription is marked 'NO REFILLS'?"
Teacher: "Kids, what does the chicken give you?"  Student: "Meat!"  Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?"  Student: "Bacon!"  Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?"  Student: "Homework!"  
What do you call an alligator with a vest?  An investigator!
There are different types of country dancing.... square, round and line.   No one ever told me you need a year of geometry before you can learn to dance!
Emily Sue passed away and Bubba called 911. The 911 operator told Bubba that she would send someone out right away. "Where do you live?" asked the operator.  Bubba replied, "At the end of Eucalyptus Drive."  The operator asked, "Can you spell that for me?"  There was a long pause and finally Bubba said, "How 'bout if I drag her over to Oak Street and you pick her up there?"
A college professor asked his class a question. "If Philadelphia is 100 miles from New York and Chicago is 1000 miles from Philadelphia and Los Angles is 2000 miles from Chicago, how old am I?"  One student in the back of the class raised his hand and when Called upon said, "Professor you're 44.."  The Professor said, "You're absolutely correct, but tell me, how did you arrive at the answer so quickly?"  The student said, "You see professor, I have a brother; he's 22, and he's only half crazy."   
Worried that his son was spending too much money on dates, a father asked the boy how much his last date had cost.  The son thought for a minute and then replied, "Oh, about $15 I think."  "Well," said the father, "I'm proud of you for finally coming up with an inexpensive evening."  "To be honest Dad," the son went on, "we'd have spent more, but that was all the money she had." 
Eighty-year-old Bessie bursts into the recreation room of the retirement home.  She holds her clenched fist in the air and announces, "Anyone who can guess what's in my hand, can take me out to dinner tonight!"  A witty, elderly gentleman in the rear shouts out, "An elephant?"  Bessie thinks a minute and replies, "Close enough!"
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak?  February 14th.
A busload of politicians were driving down a country road when, all of a sudden, the bus ran off the road and crashed into a tree in an old farmer's field. The old farmer, after seeing what happened, went over to investigate. He then proceeded to dig a hole and bury the politicians.  A few days later, the local sheriff came out, saw the crashed bus and asked the old farmer where all the politicians had gone. The old farmer said he had buried them. The sheriff asked the old farmer, "Were they ALL dead?"  The old farmer replied, "Well, some of them said they weren't, but you know how them politicians lie."
Now that I'm getting older I wonder how I can still contribute to society even after I’m gone...  In checking my options it looks like I’ll still be able to donate by body to science, science fiction that is.
(Grandchild) Were you in the war Grandpa?   (Grandpa) Yes, I was a fighter pilot!    (Child's mother) "Weren’t you stationed in Colorado dad?”   (Grandpa) Yes, and I’ll have you know that not one enemy aircraft got past Nevada!  
A politician asked a well known author, "Did you know that 'Sumac' and 'Sugar' are the only two words in English, that begin with the letters 'Su' but are pronounced like 'Shu'?"  The author replied, "Sure."
My wife is vegetarian; she wanted me to try it.   So I put salad dressing on my hamburger, not bad!  
A priest was walking down the sidewalk and saw a young boy pouring a liquid back and forth between two glasses. When he asked the boy what he was playing with, the boy told him that it was sulfuric acid. Horrified the priest took our his Holy water and offered to exchange with the boy.  When the boy said no, the priest tried to convince the boy that the holy water was better by telling him he had just put some of his Holy water on the tummy of a woman and she had passed a baby. The boy said, "That's nothing, I accidentally dropped some of this on the tail of a cat and he passed a bus."
A man goes to a psychiatrist. The receptionist asks him why he is there. The man complains, "I keep seeing giraffes even if there are none."  The receptionist asks, "Have you ever seen a psychiatrist?"  The man replies, "No, just giraffes."
A couple's happy married life almost went on the rocks because of an extended visit of old Aunt Emma.  For seven long weeks she lived with them, always nagging, always demanding. Finally she decided to leave.  On the way back from driving her to the airport, the husband confessed to his wife, "Honey, if I didn't love you so much, I don't think I would have put up with having your Aunt Emma in the house all this time."  His wife looked at him aghast. "MY Aunt Emma!" she cried. "I thought she was YOUR Aunt Emma!"
A police officer pulled over a driver and informed him that, because he was wearing his seat belt, he had just won $1,000 in a safety competition.   "What are you going to do with the prize money?" the officer asked.   The man responded, "I guess I'll go to driving school and get my license."   At that moment, his wife who was seated next to him, chimed in, "Officer, don't listen to him.  He's a smarty when he's drunk."   This woke up the guy in the back seat, who, when he saw the cop, blurted out, "I knew we wouldn't get far in this stolen car."   Finally, there was a knock from the trunk and a voice asked, "Are we over the border yet?"
A man was sent to prison for 20 years. He was so bored while in there; he found an ant and decided to teach it tricks - like beg, play dead, roll over, jump hair etc. He served his time and was released.  He took his ant with him in a matchbox. The first place he went was to a bar. He sat down, took out the matchbox and emptied out the ant. He then said to the guy beside him, "You are not gonna believe what this ant can do."  He showed him all the tricks and the guy was impressed. He told him that he could make a fortune with the ant.  The guy with the ant was excited and called the bartender over and said "You see that ant?" The bartender put his finger on the ant, twisted it and said "Sorry sir it won't happen again." 
The doorbell rings. A man opens the door and there's his mother-in-law on the front step.  She asks, "Can I stay here for a few days?"  The man says, "Sure you can." And he closes the door.
Why do we have elections in November?   Could it be that is the best month to select turkeys? 
A man goes to a bar with his dog. He goes up to the bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "You can't bring that dog in here!" The guy, without missing a beat, says "This is my seeing-eye dog." "Oh man, " the bartender says, "I'm sorry, here, the first one's on me." The man takes his drink and goes to a table near the door.  Another guy walks in the bar with a Chihuahua. The first guys sees him, stops him and says, "You can't bring that dog in here unless you tell him it's a seeing-eye dog." The second man graciously thanks the first man and continues to the bar. He asks for a drink. The bartender says "Hey, you can't bring that dog in here!"  The second man replies "This is my seeing-eye dog." The bartender says, "No, I don't think so. They do not have Chihuahuas as seeing-eye dogs." The man pauses for a half-second and replies "What?!?! They gave me a Chihuahua?!?"
There's this man in the bar and he says to the bartender, "I'll bet you $500 that if you line up five empty beer mugs that I would be able to pee in all of them without any mess." The bartender accepts the bet. Next thing you know the bartender lined up five empty beer mugs. The man drops his drawers and starts to pee everywhere except in the five empty beer mugs. The bartender laughs as the guy pays him the $500.  A woman sees all of this happening and asks the guy, "How come you're not sad about losing $500?" The guy told her, "It is because I had bet the bouncer $2,000 that I would pee all over the bar and have the bartender laugh about it."
Don't Make a Nurse Angry   A big shot businessman had to spend a couple of days in the hospital. He was a royal pain to the nurses because he bossed them around just like he did his employees.   None of the hospital staff wanted to have anything to do with him. The head nurse was the only one who could stand up to him. She came into his room and announced, "I have to take your temperature."   After complaining for several minutes, he finally settled down, crossed his arms and opened his mouth.   "No, I'm sorry, the nurse stated, "but for this reading, I cannot use an oral thermometer." This started another round of complaining, but eventually he rolled over and bared his rear end.   After feeling the nurse insert the thermometer, he heard her announce, "I have to get something. Now you stay JUST LIKE THAT until I get back!"   She leaves the door to his room open on her way out. He curses under his breath as he hears people walking past his door laughing. After almost an hour, the man's doctor comes into the room.   "What's going on here?" asked the doctor.   Angrily, the man answers, "What's the matter, Doc? Haven't you ever seen someone having their temperature taken?"   After a pause, the doctor confesses, "Well, no. I guess I haven't. Not with a carnation anyway." 
An American businessman goes to Japan on a business trip, but he hates Japanese food, so he asks the concierge at his hotel if there's any place around where he can get American food.  The concierge tells him he's in luck, there's a pizza place that just opened, and they deliver.  The concierge gives the businessman the phone number, and he goes back to his room and orders a pizza.  Thirty minutes later, the delivery guy shows up to the door with the pizza.  The businessman takes the pizza, and starts sneezing uncontrollably. He asks the delivery man, "What on earth did you put on this pizza?"  The delivery man bows deeply and says, "We put on the pizza what you ordered, pepper only."   
The teacher of the earth science class was lecturing on map reading.   After explaining about latitude, longitude, degrees, and minutes the teacher asked, "Suppose I asked you to meet me for lunch at 23 degrees, 4 minutes north latitude and 45 degrees, 15 minutes east longitude . . .?"  After a confused silence, a voice volunteered, "I guess you'd be eating alone."
Way down upon the Mississippi, two tugboat captains, who had been friends for years, would always cry, "Aye!" and blow their whistles whenever they passed each other.  A new crewman asked his boat's mate, "What do they do that for?"  The mate looked surprised and replied, "You mean that you've never heard of... an aye for an aye and a toot for a toot?"
In demonstrating the division of powers within the government, the teacher used the family structure as an example.  One boy stood up and said, “It looks like my mom’s the president then, because she veto’s everything.” 
Two young boys walked into a pharmacy one day, picked out a box of tampons, and proceeded to the checkout counter. The man at the counter asked the older boy, "Son, how old are you?"  "Eight," the boy replied.  The man continued, "Do you know what these are used for?"  The boy replied, "Not exactly, but they aren't for me. They're for him. He's my brother. He's four. We saw on TV that if you use these, you would be able to swim, play tennis and ride a bike. Right now, he can't do none of those."
A three-year old walks over to a pregnant lady while waiting with his mother in a doctor’s office. “Why is your stomach so big?” he asks.  “I'm having a baby,” she replies.   “Is the baby in your stomach?” he asks, with his big eyes.  “Yes, it is.”  “Is it a good baby?”  “Oh, yes. A really good baby.”   Shocked and surprised, the little boy asks, “Then why did you eat him?”
A mother and her very young son were flying Southwest Airlines from Kansas City to Chicago. The little boy (who had been looking out the window) turned to his mother and asked, "If big dogs have baby dogs, and big cats have baby cats, why don't big airplanes have baby airplanes?"   The mother (who couldn't think of an answer) told her son to ask the stewardess. So the boy went down the aisle and asked the stewardess. The stewardess, who was very busy at the time, smiled and said, "Did your Mom tell you to ask me?"  The boy said, "Yes she did."  "Well, then, you go and tell your mother that there are no baby airplanes because Southwest always pulls out on time. Have your Mom explain that to you."
A patient has a sore throat and goes to a doctor to get treatment for it.  Doctor: Your tonsils have to come out.  Patient: I wanna second opinion.   Doctor: Okay, you're ugly, too.
Question:  What does Santa Claus measure by?  Answer:  Santa-meters
A plane is on its final approach into an airport. The pilot comes on over the intercom. "This is Captain Martin. We're now on our final descent. I want to thank you for flying with us today, and I hope you enjoy your stay."  He forgets to switch off the intercom. The whole plane can now hear the conversation from the cockpit. The co-pilot says to the pilot, "Well, what are you doing today?"  Now all ears in the plane are listening in to this conversation. "Well," says the captain, "first I'm going to check into the hotel and brush my teeth. Then I'm going to ask the new stewardess out for dinner."  Everyone in the plane is trying to get a look at the new stewardess. She's so embarrassed that she runs from the back of the plane to try and get to the cockpit to turn the intercom off. Halfway down the aisle, an elderly lady grabs her by the arm to stop her, leans over and says, "No need to run, dear, he's gotta brush his teeth first."
A few animals are in a restaurant. The waiter comes over at the end of the night with the check.  The skunk says, "Don't look at me, I haven't got a scent."  The duck says, "Just put it on my bill!"  The cow says, "You'll have to ask one of the udders."  The elephant blurts out, "It's on me, I have enough money in the trunk!"
Two old friends were chatting. One said to the other, "My 85th birthday was yesterday. The wife gave me an SUV."  Other guy responded, "Wow, that's amazing! Imagine that, an SUV... what a great gift!"  "Yup! Socks, Underwear, AND Viagra!"
When my son graduated from high school, he had to give a speech. He began by reading from his prepared text.   "I want to talk about my mother and the wonderful influence she has had on my life," he told the audience. "She is a shining example of parenthood, and I love her more than words could ever do justice."  At this point he seemed to struggle for words. After a pause,  he looked up with a sly grin and said, "Sorry, but it's really hard to read my mother's handwriting."
While shopping for vacation clothes, my husband and I passed a display of bathing suits. It had been at least ten years and twenty pounds since I had even considered buying a bathing suit, so sought my husband's advice. "What do you think?" I asked. "Should I get a bikini or an all-in-one?"  "Better get a bikini," he replied. "You'd never get it all in one." 
"Daddy, did you know that girls are smarter than boys?"  "No, I didn’t know that."  "There you go."
Dear Son,  I'm writing this letter slow, because I know you can't read fast. We don't live where we did when you left home. Your dad read in the paper that most accidents happen 20 miles from your home, so we moved. I won't be able to send you the address as the last people who stayed here took the numbers with them for their next house, so they wouldn't have to change their address.  This place is really nice. It even has a washing machine. I'm not sure it works too well: last week I put in 3 shirts, pulled the chain and haven't seen them since. The weather here isn't too bad. It rained only twice last week. The first it rained for 3 days and second time for 4 days.  The coat you wanted me to send you, your Aunt said it would be a little too heavy to send in the mail with all the buttons, so we cut them off and put them in the pocket. We got another bill from the funeral home. It said that if we don't make the last payment on Grandma's funeral, she will come up again.  Your father has another job. He has 500 men under him. He is cutting the grass at the cemetery. Your sister had a baby this morning. I haven't found out whether it's a girl or a boy, so I don't know whether you are an Aunt or Uncle.  Your uncle, Jatinder fell in a whisky vat. Some men tried to pull him out, but he fought them off and drowned. We cremated him and he burned for three days. Three of your friends went off the bridge in a pick-up truck. One was driving, the other two were in the back. The driver got out, he rolled down the window and swam to safety. The other drowned because they couldn't get the tail gate down.  There isn't much more news this time. Nothing much has happened.  Love, Mom P.S.  I was going to send you some money but the envelope was already sealed. 
I never quite figured out why the sexual urge of men and women differ so much. And I never have figured out the whole Venus and Mars thing. I have never figured out why men think with their head and women with their heart.   FOR EXAMPLE... One evening last week, my girlfriend and I were in bed together. Well, the passion starts to heat up and she eventually says "I don't feel like it, I just want you to hold me."  I said, "WHAT????!!! What was that?!" So she says the words that every boyfriend on the planet dreads to hear..."You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man."  She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?" Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The very next day I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, big unnamed department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several different very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take so I told her we'll just buy them all. She wanted new Shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said lets get a pair for each outfit. We went onto the jewelry department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. Let me tell you, she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a shipwreck. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn't even know how to play tennis. I think I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey."   Smiling with excited anticipation she finally said, "I think this is all dear, let's go to the cashier." I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No honey, I don't feel like it."  Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled "WHAT???!!!"  I then said, "Really honey, I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman." And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?"  Apparently I'm not having sex tonight either.
A boxer went to a doctor for treatment of insomnia.  "Have you tried counting sheep?" suggested the doctor.  "It doesn't work," replied the boxer. "Whenever I get to nine, I stand up!"
As the bus pulled away, a woman realized she had left her purse under the seat. Later she called the company and was relieved to find out the driver had found it. When she went to pick it up, several off-duty bus drivers greeted her.  One of the men handed over her handbag and a box. "We're required to inventory found wallets and purses," he explained. "I think you'll find everything here."  As she started to put her belongings back into the purse, the man continued, "I hope you don't mind if we watch. Even though we all tried, none of us could fit everything into your purse... and we'd like to see just HOW you do it." 
Woman: Do you love me?  Man: Yes, dear.   Woman: Would you die for me?  Man: No... mine is an undying love.
When it comes to candy bars, the term fun-sized is misleading.   There is nothing fun about your candy bar being the size of a regular bar.   You should call them what they are... “disappointment-sized.”
Years of smoking finally caught up with my friend John one morning when he keeled over at work, clutching his heart. He was rushed to a hospital and peppered with questions.  "Do you smoke?" asked a paramedic.  "No," John whispered. "I quit."  "That's good. When did you quit?"  "Around 9:30 this morning."
Why are ghosts always honest?   They have no choice, you can see right through them! 
School kids were having a debate about the U.S. Presidential election.  Emma said, “We need a candidate who is willing to tax the ultra rich and give to the poor”.  Little Johnny stood up and said, “I didn’t know Robin Hood was running!”
Whiteboards... they are just remarkable!
Hey Dad, can you pass the salt?  I don't know, son, can you pass the semester? 
A woman has twins, and gives them up for adoption. One of them goes to a family in Egypt and is named Amal. The other goes to a family in Spain, they name him Juan.   Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his mum. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wished she also had a picture of Amal.  Her husband responds, "But they are twins. If you've seen Juan, you've seen Amal." 
A quiet, little man walks into a bar and orders a beer. He sits there sipping his beer and minding his own business. All of a sudden, a big guy walks up to him and knocks him out cold and says to the barkeep, "When he wakes up, tell him that was a right-hook from Big Mike Finnigan."  A week later the little man shows up at the same bar and orders a beer. He again, sits there sipping his beer and minding his own business. The same big guy walks up to him, and the little guy knocks him out cold.  As he leaves the bar, the little guy says to the barkeep, "When he wakes up, tell him that was a crowbar from Sears." 
An older gentleman had an appointment to see the urologist who shared an office with several other doctors. The waiting room was filled with patients. As he approached the receptionist desk he noticed that the receptionist was a large unfriendly woman who more resembled a Sumo wrestler. He gave her his name. In a very loud voice, the receptionist said, "YES, I HAVE YOUR NAME HERE; YOU WANT TO SEE THE DOCTOR ABOUT IMPOTENCE, RIGHT?"  All the patients in the waiting room snapped their heads around to look at the very embarrassed man. He recovered quickly, and in an equally loud voice replied, "NO, I'VE COME TO INQUIRE ABOUT A SEX CHANGE OPERATION, BUT I DON'T WANT THE SAME DOCTOR THAT DID YOURS."  Moral of the story... DON'T MESS WITH OLD FOLKS!  
I could not believe that the statue wasn't made from stone. Next time I won't take art for granite.
A middle aged man buys himself a brand new convertible sports car and having just picked it up from the showroom decides to take it for a drive. Enjoying the wind in his hair as he takes another bend just kissing the apex he spies in the rear view mirror a policeman on a motorbike. Immediately he puts his foot on the gas and is soon approaching 100 miles an hour, then he comes to his senses and pulls over.  As the policeman approaches the man starts to apologies when the officer says...  “Look its 5:15PM on a sunny Friday afternoon and my shift ends in a few minuets if you can give me an excuse I have not heard before I will let you go.”  He replies “Officer my wife left me for a policeman 6 years ago and when I saw you in my mirror I though you were trying to bring her back to me.”  With this the officer closed his ticket book and waved the man on.
Two cannibals are eating a clown, one cannibal looks the other one and says...  "Does this meat taste funny to you?"
Did you hear? Chef Careless was arrested for assault.  He was caught whipping the cream and beating the eggs!
A woman accompanied her husband to the doctor's office. After the checkup, the doctor called the wife into his office alone. He said, "If you don't do the following, your husband will soon have a nervous breakdown:  1. Each morning, fix him a healthy breakfast. 2. Be pleasant and make sure he is in a good mood. 3. For lunch, make him a nutritious meal. 4. For dinner, prepare him something especially nice. 5. Don't burden him with chores as he probably had a hard day. 6. Don't discuss your problems with him. 7. And most importantly, keep him far away from your mother."  On the way home, the husband asked his wife what the doctor said to her. She replied, "He said you'll soon have a nervous breakdown."
After and exhaustive search for an apartment in New York City a man had just arrived at the last possibility listed in the paper. He asked a lady in the lobby where he might find suite number 803.  She replied obviously your elevator doesn’t go all the way to the top so…  The man interrupted her before she could say another word and replied sharply, lady, its obvious you’re rude. She left in a huff!   He saw another woman enter the building so he asked her the same question.   She answered by saying; if you’re going to 803 you’ll need to walk the last flight of stairs because the elevator only goes to the seventh floor. Oh, and I see you met Mrs. Stanley; she owns the building.  
Billy always had problems with math so he used his fingers and toes for adding and subtracting.  One day he didn't have enough fingers or toes to figure out the problem. His best friend took off his shoes and held up his fingers so Billy could figure it out. The moral of the story is that in times of need, you can always 'count on' your best friend!
I woke up this morning with a string tied around my finger and I haven’t a clue why I put it there...  I better check my notes, it might be something important!  Now if I could just remember where I put my notes... 
A tourist in Vienna is going through a graveyard and all of a sudden he hears some music.  No one is around, so he starts searching for the source. He finally locates the origin and finds it is coming from a grave with a headstone that reads: Ludwig van Beethoven, 1770-1827.   Then he realizes that the music is the Ninth Symphony and it is being played backward!  Puzzled, he leaves the graveyard and persuades a friend to return with him. By the time they arrive back at the grave, the music has changed. This time it is the Seventh Symphony, but like the previous piece, it is being played backward. Curious,  the men agree to consult a music scholar. When they return with the expert, the Fifth  Symphony is playing, again backward. The expert notices that the symphonies are being played  in the reverse order in which they were composed, the 9th, then the 7th, then the 5th.  By the next day the word has spread and a throng has gathered around the grave. They are all listening to the Second Symphony being played backward. Just then the graveyard's caretaker ambles up to the group. Someone in the crowd asks him if he has an explanation for the music.  "Don't you get it?" the caretaker says incredulously, "He's decomposing!"
Yo momma so poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, and she said, "Moving."  
The old man in his mid-eighties struggles to get up from the couch then starts putting on his coat.  His wife, seeing the unexpected behavior, asks, "Where are you going?"  He replies, "I'm going to the doctor."  She says, "Why, are you sick?"  He says, "Nope, I'm going to get me some of that Viagra stuff."  Immediately the wife starts working and positioning herself to get out of her rocker and begins to put on her coat.  He says, "Where the hell are you going"?  She answers, "I'm going to the doctor, too."  He says, "Why, what do you need?"  She says, "If you're going to start using that rusty old thing, I'm getting a tetanus shot." 
The local news station was interviewing an 80-year-old lady because she had just gotten married for the fourth time.  The interviewer asked her questions about her life, about what it felt like to be marrying again at 80, and then about her new husband's occupation.. "He's a funeral director," she answered. "Interesting," the newsman thought... He then asked her if she wouldn't mind telling him a little about her first three husbands and what they did for a living.  She paused for a few moments, needing time to reflect on all those years. After a short time, a smile came to her face and she answered proudly, explaining that she had first married a banker when she was in her 20's, then a circus ringmaster when in her 40's, and a preacher when in her 60's, and now - in her 80's - a funeral director.  The interviewer looked at her, quite astonished, and asked why she had married four men with such diverse careers.  -She smiled and explained, "I married one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go."
A boy met a girl....  Girl: Every time you smile, I feel like inviting you to my place.  Boy (smiling): Why thank you... are you single?  Girl: No, I am a dentist.
The dead batteries were given out... free of charge!
A man was finally rescued, after having been on a deserted island for 10 years. The first question he was asked was why there were three huts on the island if he was alone.  He replied, "The first one is my home, the second is my church and the third is the church I used to attend."
Wife texts husband on a cold winter's morning: "Windows frozen, won't open."  Husband texts back: "Pour some hot water around the edges and then gently tap it with hammer."  Wife texts back 5 minutes later: "We now need a new computer." 
A Georgia State Trooper pulled a car over on I-95 about 2 miles south of the Georgia/South Carolina state line.  When the Trooper asked the driver why he was speeding, the driver answered that he was a magician and a juggler and he was on his way to Savannah to do a show that night at the Shrine Circus and didn't want to be late.  The Trooper told the driver he was fascinated by juggling, and if the driver would do a little juggling for him that he wouldn't give him a ticket.  The driver told the Trooper that he had sent all of his equipment on ahead and didn't have anything to juggle.  The Trooper told him that he had some flares in the trunk of his patrol car and asked if he could juggle them. The juggler stated that he could, so the Trooper got three flares, lit them and handed them to the juggler.  While the man was doing his juggling act, a car pulled in behind the patrol car.  A drunk good old boy, from S.C., got out and watched the performance briefly, he then went over to the patrol car, opened the rear door and got in. The Trooper observed him doing this and went over to the patrol car, opened the door and asked the drunk what he thought he was doing.  The drunk replied, "You might as well take my ass to jail, cause there's no way in hell I can pass that test." 
The new metro cop pulled a speeder who was zipping down Maple Avenue. "Can I see your license and registration, bub?", the cop inquired.  "But officer," the fellow started, "I can explain..."  "Shut yer trap, bub!" snapped the officer. "You're going downtown and sit a while till the sarge gets back."  "But, officer, I think you really should know..."  "And I said to shut yer trap! You're going to jail!"  A few hours later the cop looked in on his prisoner and said, "Lucky for you that the sarge is at his daughter's wedding. He'll be in a good mood when he gets back."  "Don't count on it," shot back the sap in the cell. "I'm the groom."
Saw the cutest TRIPLETS  in the mall last week. Each had a personalized shirt. 1st shirt said: I WAS PLANNED. 2nd one said: I WAS NOT. 3rd said: ME NEITHER!
A cop pulls a guy over for speeding.  The guy tries to defend himself by saying, "I was just going with the flow of traffic."   The Cop replies, "Ever go fishing?"  "Yeah."   "Ever catch ALL the fish?" 
My friend is a Genie in a bottle. One day he came home from work frustrated with his current master. I asked why.  He replied, "I don't know, he just rubs me the wrong way."
Preventive Medicine Belief:  Mary: My daughter believes in preventative medicine, doctor.   Doctor: Oh, really?  Mary: Yes, she tries to prevent me from making her take it!
What did the traffic light say to the car?  Don't look. I'm changing.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all escape from prison. They hear the cops coming so they each climb a tree.  The cops come and shine flashlights in the trees.   They shine a light on the tree with the brunette and she goes "whoo whoo" like an owl.   They shine the light in the redhead's tree, she goes "Tweet Tweet" like a bird.   They shine the light on the blonde’s tree... "Moooooo".
A woman accompanied her husband to the doctor's office. After his checkup, the doctor called the wife into his office alone. He said, "If you don't do the following, your husband will surely die."  1. Each morning, fix him a healthy breakfast.  2. Be pleasant and make sure he is in a good mood.  3. For lunch, make him a nutritious meal.  4. For dinner, prepare him an especially nice meal.  5. Don't burden him with chores as he probably had a hard day.  6. Don't discuss your problems with him.  On the way home, the husband asked his wife what the doctor said to her. "You're going to die," she replied.
A cop pulls over a guy and says, "Your eyes are awfully red. Have you been drinking?"  "Gee, officer," the man replies. "Your eyes are awfully glazed -- have you been eating doughnuts?"
A burglar broke into a house one night.  He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables; and when he picked up a CD player to place in his sack, a strange, disembodied voice echoed from the dark saying, "Jesus is watching you."  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight off, and froze.  When he heard nothing more after a bit, he shook his head, promised himself a vacation after the next big score, then clicked the light on and began searching for more valuables.  Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard, "Jesus is watching you."  Freaked out, he shined his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice.  Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot.  "Did you say that?" he hissed at the parrot.  "Yep," the parrot confessed, and then squawked, "I'm just trying to warn you."  The burglar relaxed.  "Warn me, huh?  Who in the world are you?"  "Moses," replied the bird.  "Moses?" the burglar laughed. "What kind of people would name a bird Moses?"  "The kind of people that would name a Rottweiler Jesus."
I must be following my diet too closely...  Because I keep gaining on it. 
Sign on a rural fence...  Is there life after DEATH?  TRESPASS HERE AND FIND OUT!
Mrs. Applebee, the 6th grade teacher, posed the following problem to one of her math classes:  "A wealthy man dies and leaves ten million dollars. One-fifth is to go to his wife, one-fifth is to go to his son, one-sixth to his butler, and the rest to charity. Now, what does each get?"  After a very long silence in the classroom, little Morris raised his hand. The teacher called on Morris for his answer. With complete sincerity in his voice, little Morris answered, "A good lawyer."
A middle aged man was visibly shaken when his Doctor advised that he had only six month's to live because of a terminal disease that was detected during a recent physical check-up.  The Doctor suggested that he should get his "house in order", make sure his will was current and ensure all final arrangements were in place for the funeral. He should then make plans to enjoy what might be left of his life, to the fullest.   "What will you do for the last six months?" asked the Doctor.  His patient thought for a few minutes then replied, "I think I'll go and live with my Mother-in-law".  Surprised by the answer, the Doctor asked, "Of all people, why in the would you want to live with your Mother-in-law?"  "Because it'll be the longest six months of my life!"
A woman from New York was getting her affairs in order. She prepared her will and made her final arrangements. As part of these arrangements she met with her pastor to talk about what type of funeral service she wanted, etc.  She told her pastor she had two final requests. First, she wanted to be cremated, and second, she wanted her ashes scattered over Bloomingdale's.  "Bloomingdale's!" the pastor said. "Why Bloomingdale's?"  "That way, I know my daughters will visit me twice a week." 
Mrs. Pete Monaghan came into the newsroom to pay for her husband's obituary. She was told by the kindly newsman that it was a dollar a word and he remembered Pete and wasn't it too bad about him passing away.  She thanked him for his kind words and bemoaned the fact that she only had two dollars. But she wrote out the obituary, "Pete died."  The newsman said he thought old Pete deserved more and he'd give her three more words at no charge.  Mrs. Pete Monaghan thanked him and rewrote the obituary, "Pete died. Boat for sale."
One morning Quackers the duck woke up & had a bad case of chapped lips, so he went to the local drug store & asked the pharmacist for some chap stick.  The pharmacist  says, "That will cost you a dollar."  Quackers did't have any money but asked if he could, "Just put it on his bill?" 
The place where I work decided to provide company-paid cell phones to the "suits" upstairs. After negotiating a deal with a cell phone company, we arranged for the phones to be sent to the homes of the various VIP's.  The day after delivery, I received a call from a partner screaming about how his cell phone didn't work. He said he charged it overnight just like the sheet said, but in the morning, it wouldn't power up.  I asked EXACTLY what he did with the phone when he got it. "I took it out, plugged the charger into the wall and into the phone."  "Did you put the battery in the phone?"  "Not the extra one."  "Sir, the phone only came with one battery."  (Pause) "Oh, I think I figured out what's wrong with it."
It was three o'clock in the morning, and the receptionist at a posh hotel was just dozing off, when a little old lady came running towards her, screaming. "Please come quickly!" she yelled, "I just saw a naked man outside my window!!!"  The receptionist immediately rushed up to the old lady's room. "Where is he?" asked the receptionist.  "He's over there," replied the little old lady, pointing to an apartment building opposite the hotel. The receptionist looked over and could see a man with no shirt on, moving around his apartment.  "It's probably a man who's getting ready to go to bed," she said reassuringly.  "And how do you know he's naked, you can only see him from the waist up?"  "The dresser, honey!" screamed the old lady. "Try standing on the dresser!"
A woman brought her baby in to see the doctor, and he determined right away the baby had an earache. He wrote a prescription for ear drops. In the directions he wrote, "Put two drops in right ear every four hours" and he abbreviated 'right' as an R with a circle around it.  Several days passed, and the woman returned with her baby, complaining that the baby still had an earache, and his little behind was getting really greasy with all those drops of oil. The doctor looked at the bottle of ear drops and sure enough, the pharmacist had typed the following instructions on the label:  "Put two drops in R ear every four hours."
Shrink: "In your own words, please describe how you see yourself?  Me: "Reverse Tardis."  Shrink: "And why is that?"  Me: "Bigger on the outside."  Shrink: "And how does your wife see you?"  Me: "Same way, different perspective."  Shrink: "And how's that?"  Me (tears in eyes): "Smaller on the inside."
The phone rings at FBI headquarters. "Hello?"  "Hello, is this FBI?"  "Yes. What do you want?"  "I'm calling to report my neighbor Bill Brown as a drug dealer. He is hiding drugs in his firewood."  "We will check it out."  Next day, the FBI come over to Brown's house. They search the shed where the firewood is kept, break every piece of wood, find no drugs, and leave. The phone rings at Brown's house. "Hello, Bill! Did the FBI come?"  "Yes."  "Did they chop your firewood?"  "Yes, they did."  "Okay, now it's your turn to call. I need my vegetable garden plowed up."
Realizing at the last minute that it was his father's birthday, a teenage boy rushed to the corner store to grab a card.   He quickly found a son-to-father card but neglected to read it carefully. Later when his father opened his gifts, he was surprised to read aloud, "Happy birthday to a wonderful Dad. Now that I'm a father too . . ."
One cold December day, a French tourist in Scotland stopped at a farm cottage. He told the farmer's wife he was freezing to death, and was invited to come in and warm himself at the hearth. Once inside the house, he complained of being thirsty. The woman handed him an enormous white crockery mug filled with milk. After taking a big swig, the guest exclaimed, "This is sweet and fresh... you are most generous!"  She replied modestly, "It's nothing. My family wouldn't drink that milk because we found a dead rat in it."  Sick to his stomach, the Frenchman clapped both hands over his mouth, allowing the huge mug to fall to the floor and shatter on the stone floor. The Scotswoman grabbed her broom, raised it high in the air, brought it down on the visitor's head, and hollered, "Get out, you ungrateful pig! I take you in my home, I let you share my fire, I give you milk to drink... and now you repay my kindness by breaking the children's potty chair!"
Thomas is 32 years old and still single. One day, a friend asked, "Why aren't you married? Can't you find a woman who will be a good wife?"   Thomas replied, "Actually, I've found many women I wanted to marry, but when I bring them home to meet my parents, my mother doesn't like them."   His friend thinks for a moment and says, "I've got the perfect solution. Just find a girl who's just like your mother."   A few months later, they meet again and his friend says, "Did you find the perfect girl? Did your mother like her?"   With a frown on his face, Thomas answers, "Yes, I found the perfect girl. She was just like my mother. You were right, my mother liked her very much."   The friend said, "Then what's the problem?"   Thomas replied, "Now my father doesn't like her."   
Grandma, who was becoming an evermore intimidating personality as the years went on, was giving directions to her grown grandson who was coming to visit with his wife:  "You come to the front door of the apartment complex.  I am in apartment 14T.  There is a big panel at the door.  With your elbow push button 14T.  I will buzz you in.  Come inside, the elevator is on the right.  Get in, and with your elbow hit 14.  When you get out I am on the left.  With your elbow, ring my doorbell."  "Grandma, that sounds easy, but why am I hitting all these buttons with my elbow?" the grandson asked.  "You're coming empty handed...?"
A heavy set man went to buy a loaf of bread at the local grocery store. When he got home he saw that the bread was already sliced so the man returned to the store and demanded his money back.   “How did you know how thick I wanted my bread sliced!!!!” yelled the man to the grocery store owner.  The grocery store owner yelled back to the heavy set man, ”If I had known how big you were, I would have had them slice it even thinner!!!” 
I have found myself a new exciting hobby. I go out in my car in the morning to the nearest Highway and sit with my window open and a hairdryer pointed out of the window.  It's amazing how all the cars slow down!
I wrote a book about birds...   It flew off the shelf.  
Sammy wants to test the math skills of his 5 year old cousin, Perry. He asks him, "If you have two candies and I give you two candies, how many candies will you have?"  Without hesitating, Perry answers. "Before I answer that, first give me the two candies."
Upon arriving home, a husband was met at the door by his sobbing wife. Tearfully she explained, "It's the pharmacist. He insulted me terribly this morning on the phone."  Immediately the husband drove downtown to confront the pharmacist and demand an apology. Before he could say more than a few words, the pharmacist told him, "Now, just a minute, please listen to my side of it... This morning the alarm failed to go off, so I was late getting up. I went without breakfast and hurried out to the car, just to realize that I locked the house with both house and car keys inside. I had to break a window to get my keys. Then, driving a little too fast, I got a speeding ticket. Later, about three blocks from the store, I had a flat tire. When I got to the store there was a bunch of people waiting for me to open up. I opened and started waiting on these people, and all the time the darn phone was ringing off the hook."  He took a breath and then continued, "Then I had to break a roll of nickels against the cash register drawer to make change, and they spilled all over the floor. I got down on my hands and knees to pick up the nickels; the phone was still ringing. When I came up I cracked my head on the open cash drawer, which made me stagger back against a showcase with bunch of perfume bottles on it...all of them hit the floor and broke. Meanwhile, the phone is still ringing with no let up, and I finally got to answer it. It was your wife. She wanted to know how to use a rectal thermometer... and honest mister, all I did was tell her!"
As you get older a person needs to make certain adjustments...  Things like never keep the chili powder next to the cinnamon. 
"Hello 911, my wife passed out, but wait, I think she's starting to come to again."   (911) "What happened just before she passed out?"  "I asked her if she wanted to go out to dinner."  (911) "Then what happened?"  "She said, 'On a Monday night?' and then she passed out."  (911) "No worries then, she'll be fine. I get a rash of these calls when they cancel Monday night football."   
(Wife)  Eleanor Roosevelt said “intelligent people are those with ideas”.   (Husband) That sounds like me I always have ideas!   (Wife) Honey, I don’t think Mrs. Roosevelt was thinking about ideas that start out with, “Hey guys watch this!”  
Why didn't the dog want to play football?  It was a boxer! 
A buddy of mine has two tickets for the 2017 Super Bowl. Box seats, plus airfares, accommodations, etc.  But he didn't realize when he bought them that this is going to be on the same day as his wedding, so he can't go.    If you're interested and want to go instead of him, it's at St Peter's Church in New York City at 5pm.  Her name's Louise. She will be the one in the white dress.   Thanks for your help! 
Why did the chicken cross the road?  To go to the house where the most gullible person in the world lives.  Knock, Knock Who's there?  The Chicken 
A foreign correspondent, did a feature story in a country in the Middle East, several years ago and before their was conflict there. She noted women walked five paces behind their husbands.  She recently returned and observed that women still walk behind their husbands. Despite the overthrow of the old regime, the women now seem happy to maintain the old custom.  She approached one of the women and asked, "Why do you now seem happy with an old custom that you once tried so desperately to change?"    'The woman looked her straight in the eye, and without hesitation said,  "Land mines."  Moral is, no matter what language you speak or where you go... Behind every man, there's a smart woman! 
Q: Why should you never give a bear alot of food?  A: Because they won't be able to bear it all.
What does a turkey say the day before Thanksgiving?  Anything but gobble, gobble, gobble!
Why did Batman change in a phone booth?  Apparently he was having an identity crisis. 
In anatomy class at medical school, suddenly one of the dead bodies sat straight up!  The instructor said, “OK, who said Abra-Cadaver?”
Client: "No one ever agrees with me!"   Psychiatrist: "You don’t seem like the disagreeable type!"  Client (raising one eyebrow): “I digress.”  
Why do hamburgers always win races?  Because they're FAST FOOD!
What seems to be your challenge Mr. Smith? Well Doc, I’m a compulsive liar. You’re telling the truth right now aren’t you!  No.  Mr. Smith one of your statements has to be the truth! Not really! And why not? I’m omnipotent  So you have a God complex whereas anything is possible? No, that’s my name. Your parents named you omnipotent?!?!  No  Mr. Jones (skeptical voice)  What? You’re not telling me the truth here! That’s what I said in the first place Doc.  Yes, you did say that. When did you recognize that you’re a liar?  I’m not a liar.  Yes you are, you’ve been lying to me.  No I didn’t! I think you’re projecting. You’re the liar!   I’m the Doctor and you’re the liar.  I knew this was a waste of my time; I’m leaving! Good luck with your problem Doc! Well at least you don’t hold grudges!  Yes I do! (As the door closes behind him).   Is it Friday yet?
A grandfather and grandson were taking a nature hike together. The grandfather remarked how nature can teach us many lessons. The grandson asked which lesson was the most important one he had learned.    The grandfather replied, "Well, if you find a baby squirrel in the woods, don’t carry it in your shirt unless you’re wearing a very tight belt."  
If you are always late, does that make you reliable? 
Ben was complaining to his friend Ralph about his new girlfriend. "I think Tonya is a hoarder. I went over to her place for the first time yesterday and	everywhere I looked, there were magazines.  Dozens of them, strewn around everywhere. People, Good Housekeeping, Readers Digest, TV Guide, Life, Time, Newsweek. You name it, she had it."   								 "I wouldn't go out with her anymore if I were you," said Ralph. 								 "Why not?" 								 "She has issues."
The chief of staff of the Air Force decided that he would personally intervene in a recruiting crisis affecting all of our armed services. So he directed that a nearby Air Force base be opened and that all eligible young men and women be invited. As he and his staff were standing near a brand new F-15 Fighter, a pair of twin brothers who looked like they had just stepped off a Marine Corps recruiting poster walked up to them.The chief of staff walked up to them, stuck out his hand and introduced himself. He looked at the first young man and asked, "Son, what skills can you bring to the Air Force?"  The young man looks at him and says, "I'm a pilot!"  The general turns to his aide and says, "Sign him up -- all the paper work done, everything, do it today!" The aide hustles the young man off. The general looks at the second young man and asked, "What skills can you bring to the Air Force?"  The young man says, "I chop wood!"  "Son," the general replies, "We don't need wood choppers in the Air Force. What else do you know how to do?"  "I chop wood!" the young man repeats.   The general huffs, "You are not listening to me. We don't need wood choppers; this is the 21st century!"  "Well," the young man says, "you hired my brother."   "Of course we did," says the general, "But he's a pilot!"  The young man rolls his eyes and says, "I have to CHOP it before he can pile it!"
Q: What did the sick fish say to his friend?  A: I'm a little green around the gills.
A police officer saw a woman knitting as she was driving. He could not believe his eyes. He yelled at her to pull over. She rolled down her window and yelled back, "No, its a scarf!"
A traffic Policeman recently stopped a woman for exceeding the posted speed limit. He asked the driver her name. She said, "I'm Mrs. Ladislav Abdulkhashim Zybkcicraznovskaya from the Republic of Uzbekistan."  The cop put away his summons book and pen, and said, "Well... OK... but don't let me catch you speeding again." 
The math teacher was giving a lesson on fractions and wrote an example on the chalkboard. He explained that the numerator was the top and the denominator was the bottom. Leaning against the board, he asked the class, "Are there any questions?"  When he turned back to face the board, laughter filled the room. "Mr. Alexander," one student giggled, "you have chalk dust all over your denominator!" 
Charlie's wife, Lucy, had been after him for several weeks to paint the seat on their toilet. Finally, he got around to doing it while Lucy was out. After finishing, he left to take care of another matter before she returned.  She came in and undressed to take a shower. Before getting in the shower, she sat on the toilet. As she tried to stand up, she realized that the not-quite-dry epoxy paint had glued her to the toilet seat. About that time, Charlie got home and realized her predicament. They both pushed and pulled without any success whatsoever. Finally, in desperation, Charlie undid the toilet seat bolts. Lucy wrapped a sheet around herself and Charlie drove her to the hospital emergency room. The ER Doctor got her into a position where he could study how to free her.  Lucy tried to lighten the embarrassment of it all by saying, "Well, Doctor, I'll bet you've never seen anything like this before."   The Doctor replied, "Actually, I've seen lots of them... I just never saw one mounted and framed."
Two men are in a truck driving around with a penguin.  Noticing the penguin, a traffic cop stops the truck driver and tells him to take this animal to a zoo right away. The next day, the same cop sees the same two men in the same truck with the same penguin again.  He stops them and says, "Didn't I tell you guys to take this animal to a zoo yesterday?"  The driver replies, "We did officer!  We are taking him to the movies today."
A man was on a long walk in the country.  He became thirsty so decided to stop at a little cottage and ask for something to drink. The lady of the house invited him in and served him a bowl of soup by the fire.   There was a baby pig running around the kitchen, running up to the visitor and giving him a great deal of attention.   The visitor commented that he had never seen a pig this friendly.   The housewife replied, "Ah, he's not that friendly. That's his bowl you're using."
A physicist, a mathematician and a computer scientist discuss what is better: a wife or a girlfriend.   The physicist: "A girlfriend. You still have freedom to experiment."   The mathematician: "A wife. You have security."  The computer scientist: "Both. When I'm not with my wife, she thinks I'm with my girlfriend. With my girlfriend it's vice versa. Then I can be with my computer without anyone disturbing me."   
Can February March?   Don't know, but April May. 
How do you measure the intelligence of a vegetable?  With an IQ-cumber!  
Q: Why do bicycles fall over?  A: Because they're two-tired!
The man who invented autocorrect has died. His funfair is next Monkey.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew it seams...
Several women appeared in court, each accusing the others of causing the trouble that they were having in the apartment building where they all lived.  The judge, with Solomon-like wisdom decreed, "Okay, I'm ready to hear the evidence...I'll hear the oldest first."  The case was dismissed for lack of testimony.   
I have a friend who filled his car with gas at a self-service gas station. After he had paid and driven away, he realized that he had left the gas cap on top of his car. He stopped and looked and, sure enough, it was lost.  Well, he thought for a second and realized that other people must have done the same thing, and that it was worth going back to look by the side of the road since even if he couldn't find his own gas cap, he might be able to find one that fit. Sure enough, he hadn't been searching long when he found a gas cap. He tried it on, and it went into place with a satisfying click.  "Great," he thought, "I lost my gas cap, but I found another one that fits.  And this one's even better because it locks..."   
Once upon a time, two good ole boys, Curtis & Leroy, saw an ad in the Starkville, MS Daily and bought a mule for $100.  The farmer agreed to deliver the mule the next day.  The next morning the farmer drove up and said, "Sorry, fellows, I have some  bad news, the mule died last night." Curtis & Leroy replied, Well, then just give us our money back." The farmer said, "Can't do that. I went and spent it already."  They said, "OK then, just  bring us the dead mule."  The farmer asked, "What in the world ya'll gonna do with a dead mule?"  Curtis said, "We gonna raffle him off."  The farmer said, "You can't raffle off a dead mule!"  Leroy said, "We sure can! Heck, we don't hafta tell nobody he's dead!"  A couple of weeks later, the farmer ran into Curtis & Leroy at the Piggly Wiggly grocery store and asked. "What'd you fellers ever do with that dead mule?"  They said, "We raffled him off like we said we wuz gonna do." Leroy said, "Shucks, we sold 500 tickets fer two dollars apiece and made a profit of $998."  The farmer said, "My Lord, didn't anyone complain?"  Curtis said, "Well, the feller who won got upset. So we gave him his two dollars back."  Curtis and Leroy now work for the government. They're overseeing the Medicare and Social Security Programs.
How do you kill a blue elephant?  With a blue elephant gun.  How do you kill a pink elephant?  Hold its nose until it turns into a blue elephant and then shoot it with a blue elephant gun.
Michael and Timothy had just left the Pub and decided to take a shortcut through O'Leary's farm when they chanced upon O'Leary's prized stallion. Promptly, Timothy raised it's tail, took a quick swipe then applied it to his lips.  Michael, dumbfounded, asked: "Is horse manure good for chapped lips?"  Timothy replied: "I don't know, but it sure keeps me from lickin' em!"
The little boy greeted his grandmother with a hug and said, "I'm so happy to see you grandma. Now maybe daddy will do the trick he has been promising us."  The grandmother was curious. "What trick is that my dear," she asked.  The little boy replied, "I heard daddy tell mommy that he would climb the walls if you came to visit us again." 
A woman was having a passionate affair with an inspector from a pest-control company. One afternoon they were carrying on in the bedroom together when her husband arrived home unexpectedly. "Quick," said the woman to her lover, "into the closet!" and she pushed him in the closet, stark naked. The husband, however, became suspicious and after a search of the bedroom discovered the man in the closet. "Who are you?" he asked.  "I'm an inspector from Termite Busters," said the exterminator.  "What are you doing in there?" the husband asked.  "I'm investigating a complaint about an infestation of moths," the man replied.  "And where are your clothes?" asked the husband.  The man looked down at himself and said, "Those little buggers!"
Two guys are walking through a game park & they come across a lion that has not eaten for days.  The lion starts chasing the two men. They run as fast as they can and the one guy starts getting tired and decides to say a prayer, "Please turn this lion into a Christian, Lord."  He looks to see if the lion is still chasing and he sees the lion on its knees. Happy to see his prayer answered, he turns around and heads towards the lion.  As he comes closer to the lion, he hears the it saying a prayer: "Thank you Lord for the food I am about to receive."
I’m driving with this guy, and he runs right through a stop sign. So I say, “Hey, that was a Stop sign.” And he says, “I drive like my brother!”  A few blocks later, he plows right through a red light. I say, “You just ran a red light.” And he says, “I drive like my brother!”  So now we’re coming up on a green light, and he slows down. I’m confused, so I say, “It’s green; why are you slowing down?”  He says, “My brother might be coming.”
Shamus O'Connor had just closed down Patty Murphy's Pub and was ambulating his way slowly to the underground subway.  Suddenly he was confronted by a huge sign which read: "WARNING! Dogs must be carried on the escalator - Absolutely NO EXCEPTIONS!"  Shamus bemoaned: "Bejabbers, and, pray tell, just where is a bloke to be findin' a dog at this unholy hour?"
Why do celebrities smile during lightning storms?  They think their pictures being taken!
A lawyer married a woman who had previously been married ten times. On their wedding night, as they settled into the hotel bridal suite, she said to her new husband, "Please, promise to be gentle. I'm still a virgin."  Puzzled as to how this could be possible, he asked, "How can that be if you've already been married ten times?"   His bride explained...  "Husband #1 was a Sales Representative; he spent our entire marriage telling me how great it was going to be.  Husband #2 was in Software Services; he was never quite sure how it was supposed to function but promised to look into it and get back to me.  Husband #3 was from Field Services; he said everything checked out diagnostically, but he just couldn't get the system up.  Husband #4 was in Telemarketing; although he knew he had the order, he didn't know when he would be able to deliver.  Husband #5 was an Engineer; while he understood the basic process, he said he needed three years to research, implement, and design a new state-of-the-art method.  Husband #6 was from Finance and Administration; he knew how, but just wasn't sure whether it was his job or not.  Husband #7 was in Marketing; although he had the product, he was never sure how to position it.  Husband #8 was a Psychiatrist; all he ever did was talk about it.  Husband #9 was a Gynecologist; all he did was look at it.  Husband #10 was a stamp collector; all he ever did was... God, how I miss him!   'But, now that I've married you, I'm really excited'!"  "Good, by why is that?" asked the new husband.  "You're a lawyer! I know I'm going to get screwed this time!" she replied. 
I broke my finger today, but on the other hand, I'm completely fine!
Two dumb fishermen are in a river holding fishing poles with the lines in the water. A game warden comes up behind them, taps them on the shoulder and says, "Excuse me, I'd like to see your fishing licenses."  "We don't have any." replied the first fishermen.  "Well, if you're going to fish, you need fishing licenses." said the game warden.  "But officer," replied the second fishermen, "we aren't fishing. All we have are magnets at the end of our lines and we're collecting debris off the bottom of the river."  The game warden lifted up the lines and, sure enough, there were horseshoe magnets tied on the end of each line. "Well, I know of no law against it," shrugged the game warden, "take all the debris you want." And with that, the game warden left.  As soon as he was out of sight, the fishermen started laughing hysterically. "What a dumb Fish Cop! Doesn't he know that there are steelheads in this river?!" 
What did the famous musician say the moment he was born?  I'LL BE BACH!
A pastor and two of his deacons are out on the river fishing in their rowboat.  Twelve o'clock rolls around, and one of the deacons notices a nice spot on the bank to have lunch. He turns to the others and says, "That looks like a nice spot for lunch.  What do you say we have lunch over there?"  The other deacon agrees, and so does the pastor. The deacon stands up in the boat, steps out onto the river and walks over to the bank. The pastor looks on with amazement, and thinks to himself, if his deacon is holy enough to walk on water, surely he can.  The other deacon stands up, picks up the picnic basket, steps out of the boat, and walks over to the bank and sits with the first deacon. Again, to his amazement, the pastor thinks again, if his second deacon is holy enough to walk on water, surely he can.  The pastor stands up, steps out of the boat, and sinks into the water. The first deacon turns to the second and says, "Think we should have told him where the rocks are?"
The story behind Aryabhatta's discovery:  Aryabhatta asked his wife once "What are the chances of me winning any argument with you?"  Wife replied "What do you think?"  And then he discovered ... ZERO.
Signs You've Chosen a "No Frills" Airline:  You can't board the plane unless you have the exact change.  Before you take off, the stewardess tells you to fasten your Velcro.  The Captain asks all the passengers to chip in a little for gas.  When they pull the steps away, the plane starts rocking.  The Captain yells at the ground crew to get the cows off the runway.  You ask the Captain how often their planes crash and he says, "Just once."  No movie.  Don't need one.  Your life keeps flashing before your eyes.  You see a man with a gun, but he's demanding to be let off the plane.  All the planes have both a bathroom and a chapel.   
Being an astronaut is funny. It's the only job where you get fired before you start work. 
What's the difference between a pun and a fart?  A pun is a shift of wit and a fart is...............
Buddha walks up to a hot dog vendor and says, "Make me one with everything."
I was visiting a monastery recently and I saw a sign that read, "In case of fire, break vow of silence." 
A couple was arranging for their wedding, and asked the bakery to inscribe the wedding cake with "1 John 4:18" which reads "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear."  The bakery evidently lost, smudged or otherwise misread the noted reference, and beautifully inscribed on the cake "John 4:18" which reads "for you have had five husbands, and the man you have now is not your husband." 
A woman on the phone to her friend...  I feel like my body has gotten totally out of shape, so I got my doctor’s permission to join a fitness club and start exercising!  I decided to take an aerobics class for seniors. I bent, twisted, gyrated, jumped up and down, and perspired for an hour. But, by the time I got my leotards on, the class was over.
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a dead hooker?  I don't have a Ferrari in my garage... 
Ron and John were building a house. John was on a ladder, nailing. He'd reach into his nail pouch, pull out a nail, look at it, and either toss it over his shoulder or proceed to nail it into the wood.  Ron couldn't stand it any longer and yelled, "Why are you throwing some of the nails away?"  John explained, "When I pull it out of my nail pouch, if it's pointed toward me, I throw it away. If it's pointed toward the house, then I can use it."  Ron replied, "What's wrong with you? Don't throw away the nails that are pointed toward you! They're for the other side of the house."
I was waiting tables in a noisy lobster restaurant in Maine when a vacationing Southerner stumped me with a drink order. I approached the bartender. “Have you ever heard of a drink called ‘Seven Young Blondes’?” I asked.   He admitted he’d never heard of it, and grabbed a drink guidebook to look it up. Unable to find the recipe, he then asked me to go back and tell the patron that he’d be happy to make the drink if he could list the ingredients for him. “Sir,” I asked the customer, “can you tell me what’s in that drink?”  He looked at me like I was crazy. “It’s wine,” he said, pronouncing his words carefully, “Sauvignon blanc.”
Please, always be alert and watch out for the people around you.   Yesterday, when I was on a sidewalk making my way home, a man came to me and drew scissors.  I was panicked so I immediately responded with a rock.  Imagine if I was not alert, I might have accidentally answered with paper and lost the game.
There was a Japanese man who went to America for sightseeing. On the last day, he hailed a cab and told the driver to drive to the airport. During the journey, a Honda drove past the taxi.   Thereupon, the man leaned out of the window excitedly and yelled, "Honda, very fast! Made in Japan! "  After a while, a Toyota sped past the taxi. Again, the Japanese man leaned out of the window and yelled, "Toyota, very fast! Made in Japan! "  And then a Mitsubishi sped past the taxi. For the third time, the Japanese leaned out of the window and yelled, "Mitsubishi, very fast! Made in Japan! "  The driver was a little angry, but he kept quiet. And this went on for quite a number of cars. Finally, the taxi came to the airport. The fare was US$300. The Japanese exclaimed, "Wah... so expensive! "  There upon, the driver yelled back, "Meter, very fast! Made in Japan! " 
A man goes into a drug store and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something for the hiccups. The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man's face.  "What did you do that for?" the man asks.  "Well, you don't have the hiccups anymore do you?"  The man exclaims, "I don't have the hiccups! My wife does!" 
A man placed some flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother and started back toward his car when his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a grave.  The man seemed to be praying with profound intensity and kept repeating, "Why did you have to die? Why did you have to die?"  The first man approached him and said, "Sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief, but this demonstration of pain is more than I've ever seen before. For whom do you mourn so deeply? A child? A parent?"  The mourner took a moment to collect himself, then replied, "My wife's first husband." 
A guy sees an advertisement in a pet-shop window: "Talking Centipede $100."  The guy goes in and buys it. He gets home, opens the box and asks the centipede if he wants to go for a beer.   The centipede doesn't answer, so the guy closes the lid, convinced he's been swindled. Thirty minutes later he decides to try again.  He raises his voice and shouts, "Do you want to go for a beer?"  The centipede pokes his head out of the box and says,   "Pipe down! I heard you the first time. I'm putting on my shoes!"
A man jumps from a plane and as he descends pulls his parachute only nothing happens so he pulls his reserve and still no luck so as he contemplates flapping his arms like a bird when he spies a man coming up towards him.  Calling out to the man “DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?”  The other man replies “NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT GAS COOKERS?” 
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend...  Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
A Shaolin monk, a great philosopher and a priest were walking down a country road and came upon a young farm boy. At that moment the four of them looked up to see a chicken crossing the road.  The question arose, why does the chicken cross the road?   The Shaolin monk said it’s the destiny of the chicken to seek its own path.   The great philosopher said its action teaches a lesson in the ways of nature much like life itself.  The Priest said it’s because it follows the plan of our maker under his divine rule.   Just then the young farm boy spoke up, "Actually, it’s because I left the chicken coop door open."
The fourth-grade teacher had to leave the room for a few minutes. When she returned, she found the children in perfect order. Everybody was sitting absolutely quiet. She was shocked and stunned and said, "I've never seen anything like it before. This is wonderful. But, please tell me, what came over all of you? Why are you so well-behaved and quiet?"  Finally, after much urging, a little girl said, "Well, one time you said that if you ever came back and found us quiet, you would drop dead."
Two friends were going on a road trip to Florida. A neighbor told them that they'd be fine as long as they paid close attention to the road signs along the way.   They'd driven 30 miles when they saw one that read, "Clean Restrooms Ahead".  Two months later they arrived in Florida exhausted, having used up 86 bottles of Windex, 267 rolls of paper towels, and three cases of toilet-bowl cleaner. Total restrooms cleaned: 450.
A group of horses were moving down towards the horse court for horse jury.   One horse asks another, "Where do we enter again?"  The other horse replies indignantly, "Why the mane entrance of course!"
A hypothetical situation where 20 CEO's board an airplane and are told that the flight that they are about to take is the first-ever to feature Pilot less technology: It is an un-crewed aircraft.   Each one of the CEO's is then told, privately, that their company's software is Aircraft's automatic pilot system. Nineteen of the CEO's promptly leave the aircraft, each offering a different type of excuse.   One CEO alone remains on board the jet, seeming very calm indeed, asked why he is so confident in this first un-crewed flight, he replies "If it is the same software that runs my company's IT systems, this plane won't even take off."   This is Confidence! 
A guy driving a small car pulled up to a stop light next to a luxury car. He rolled down his window and shouted to the other driver, "Hey, buddy, that's a nice car. You got a Hi-Fi sound system in your car? I've got a Hi-Fi sound system in my car!"  The driver of the luxury car looked over and said snobbishly, "Yes, I have a Hi-Fi sound system."  The driver of the small car said, "That's great man! Hey, you got a TV in there? You know, I got a TV in the back seat of my car!"  The driver of the luxury car, quite irritated by now, replied, "Of course, I have a television. My car is is one of the finest cars in the world!"  The driver of the small car said, "Yes, a very cool car! Hey, you got a bed in there? I got a bed in the back of my car!"  The driver of the luxury car, upset that he did not have a bed, sped away and went straight to the dealer, where he promptly ordered a bed to be installed in the back of his car.  The next morning, he returned to pick up his vehicle, and the bed looked superb. It came complete with silk sheets and a brass-trimmed headboard. It was clearly a bed fit for a luxury car.  So the driver began searching for the small car. He drove around all day and finally found it late that night. It was parked, with all the windows fogged up from the inside.  He got out and knocked on the window of the small car. When there wasn't any answer, he continued knocking and knocking until finally, the owner lowered the window, and stuck his soaking wet head out.  "I now have a bed in the back of my car," the driver of the luxury car stated arrogantly.  The driver of the small car looked at him narrowly and said, "You got me out of the shower to tell me THIS?!?!"
The head of the British division of Publishers Clearing House (the organization that shocks people at their door with a huge check) was recently knighted by the Queen of England.  What was the newly knighted name of this fellow? 		 Sir Prize!		 
A man walks into a bar, already drunk, and asks for a drink. "Sorry," the bartender says, "but you obviously already had a little too much to drink."  Fuming mad the man staggers out the front door and walks back in through the side door. “Can I have a drink please?”  “Sorry,” the bartender says, “but you can’t have a drink here.”   The man staggers out again and then stumbles his way back in through the back door. “Can I please have a drink?”  “Enough!” the bartender screamed. “I told you, no drinks!”   The man looks at the bartender closely and exclaims “Geez! How many bars do you work at?!"
Knock Knock!  Come in.
What's the difference between kids and grandkids?  If I play Ghost Riders with my guitar but sing the lyrics from the Gilligan's Island theme song, my grand kids would love it!  My kids, however, would want to take away my driver's licence!   
I picked the wrong time to break up with my girlfriend.  I made the mistake of doing this when the roller coaster we were on at the theme park was almost to the top, ready to plummet down the other side...    Needless to say, things went downhill from there. 
A retiree was given a set of golf clubs by his co-workers. Thinking he'd try the game, he asked the local pro for lessons, explaining that he knew nothing whatever of the game. The pro showed him the stance and swing, then said, "Just hit the ball toward the flag on the first green."  The novice teed up and smacked the ball straight onto the green, where it stopped inches from the hole. "Now what?" the fellow asked the speechless pro.  "Uh... you're supposed to hit the ball into the cup," the pro finally said, after he was able to speak again.  "Oh great! NOW you tell me!" said the beginner. 
Why doesn't Lebron James like Indian food?  Because it has "Curry" in it.
Maybe, if we just tell people that the brain is an app...  ... then maybe, they will start using it?
The prospective son-in-law was asked by his girlfriend's father, "Son, can you support a family?"  "Well, no, sir," he replied, caught off-guard by the question. "Your daughter and I were thinking we'd just have to support ourselves, the rest of you will have to fend for yourselves."
A kangaroo kept getting out of his enclosure at the zoo. Knowing that he could hop pretty high, the zoo officials put up a ten-foot fence. However, the next morning the kangaroo was out again, just roaming around the zoo.  The zoo officials raised the height of the fence to twenty feet. Again, however, the next morning the kangaroo was again roaming around the zoo. This kept on, night after night, until the fence was sixty feet high.  Finally, the camel in the next enclosure asked the kangaroo, "How high do you think they'll go?"  The kangaroo replied, "Probably a hundred feet, unless somebody starts locking the gate at night."
Once there was a little boy who lived in the country. For facilities, they had to use an outhouse. The little boy hated it because it was hot in the summer, cold in the winter and smelled all the time. The outhouse was sitting on the bank of a creek and the boy determined that one day he would push that outhouse into the water.  One day after a spring rain, the creek was swollen so the little boy decided today was the day to push the outhouse into the creek. So he got a large stick and pushed. The outhouse toppled into the creek and floated away. That night his dad told him they were going to the woodshed after supper. Knowing that meant a spanking, the little boy asked why.  The dad replied, "Someone pushed the outhouse into the creek today. It was you, wasn't it, son?"  The boy answered yes. Then he thought a moment and said, "Dad, I read in school today that George Washington chopped down a cherry tree and didn't get into trouble because he told the truth."  The dad replied, "Well, son, George Washington's father wasn't in that cherry tree at the time."
Husband comes home drunk and breaks some crockery, vomits, and falls down on the floor. Wife pulls him up and cleans everything. Next day when he gets up, he expects her to be really angry with him. He prays that they would not have a fight. He finds a note near the table:  “Honey... your favorite breakfast is ready on the table. I had to leave early to buy groceries. I’ll come running back to you soon my love. I love you.”  Still surprised, he asks his son, "What happened last night?"  Son replies, “When mom pulled you to bed and tried removing your boots and shirt, you were dead drunk and you said… 'HEY LADY! LEAVE ME ALONE! I’M MARRIED!'”
I spotted several pairs of men’s Levi’s at a garage sale. They were sizes 30, 31, and 32, but I was looking for size 33.   So I asked the owner if he had a pair.  He shook his head. “I’m still wearing the 33s,” he said. “Come back next year.”
It was Saturday night and the preacher still hadn't been able to think of a sermon for the next morning. About 9:00 p.m. he finally said to his wife, "Dear, I think I've come up with the perfect sermon! I'm going to give a sermon about horseback riding!"  She said, "Don't be silly! You can't give a sermon about horseback riding!"  He replied, "Well, it's going to have to do because I've preached on just about every other subject I can think of."  The next morning as they were driving to church, she said, "I can't believe that you're insisting on doing this! You know, If you're going to give that silly sermon on horseback riding, I'm just going to stay in the car during the service."  He said, "OK, then, suit yourself!", so she stayed in the car.  Entering church before the service, the preacher had a sudden inspiration and gave a hell-fire and brimstone sermon on SEX that just had the congregation in awe. As the congregation filed out of the church, some of he members saw his wife sitting in the car and approached her window. One of them said, "Wow! you just missed the best sermon your husband has EVER given!"  She said, "Yeah, right! What does he know about it! He talks big but he's only tried it twice in his life! "Once before we were married and once after, and he fell off both times!"
Q: What sound does a piano make when you drop it down a mine shaft? A: A flat miner!
The man passed out in a dead faint as he came out of his front door onto the porch. Someone dialed 911. When the paramedics arrived, they helped him regain consciousness and asked if he knew what caused him to faint.  "It was enough to make anybody faint," he said. "My son asked me for the keys to the garage, and instead of driving the car out, he came out with the lawn mower."
Police are searching for a mugger who threatens his victims with a lighted match...   They want to catch him before he strikes again! 
What did the monkey say after its tail got caught in the lawnmower?   Won't be long now...
With today's rapid advance in technology, we thought it important to bring to our readers' attention some new engineering conversions:  2000 pounds of Chinese soup: Won ton  1 millionth of a mouthwash: 1 microscope  Time between slipping on a peel and smacking the pavement: 1 bananosecond  Time it takes to sail 220 yards at 1 nautical mile per hour: Knot-furlong  365.25 days of drinking low-calorie beer: 1 lite-year  Half of a large intestine: 1 semicolon  Shortest distance between two jokes: A straight line.  (think about it for a moment)  1000 aches: 1 kilohurtz  Basic unit of laryngitis: 1 hoarsepower  453.6 graham crackers: 1 pound cake  1 million microphones: 1 megaphone  10 cards: 1 decacards  1000 cubic centimeters of wet socks: 1 literhosen  2 monograms: 1 diagram  8 nickels: 2 paradigms  2000 mockingbirds: 2 kilomockingbird  
The strong young man at the construction site was bragging that he could out-do anyone in a feat of strength. He made a special case of making fun of one of the older workmen. After several minutes, one older worker had had enough.  "Why don't you put your money where your mouth is," he said. "I will bet a week's wages that I can haul something in a wheelbarrow over to that outbuilding that you won't be able to wheel back."  "You're on, old man," the braggart replied. "Let's see what you got."  The old man reached out and grabbed the wheelbarrow by the handles. Then, nodding to the young man, he said, "All right. Get in."
I submitted 10 puns to a pun website to see if I would win the top prize.  No pun in 10 did.  
Fresh out of Yale and having just passed the BAR exam, Bobby was sitting in his first interview with a prestigious law firm CEO.  CEO: "I see that you are fresh out of Yale, have just passed the BAR exam, and have an excellent academic record with A's in every course. But what we are looking for is someone with a few years of real-world experience."  Bobby thought for a moment and replied: " Well that's okay, I actually I went to college for art, I found that resume' online, and I made up the story about taking the BAR exam.  CEO: "So what you're saying is you tell creative lies that stretch the truth though research and story telling?"  Bobby: "Umm.... I guess?"  CEO: "Can you start work on Monday?" 
A dog and a chicken walked into a bar. The bartender started to laugh...  The dog leaned over and whispered in the chicken’s ear, "Do you still have the ALCU on speed dial? I think we have a case here!" 
I don’t like it when some clown in a cowboy hat comes up and starts asking me personal questions. My name and where I’m from is none of their business.  Then they ask random questions like, "How many fingers am I holding up?" or "Do you remember the name of the bull you were riding?"  
"He has Van Gogh's ear for music." - Billy Wilder
I'm glad I know sign language.. It's pretty handy.
  Q: How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a light bulb?   A: Seven. Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim that he's a doctor, not an electrician). Scotty, after checking around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains that he "canna" see in the dark. Kirk will make an emergency stop at the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something. Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured. As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand, Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must warp out of orbit. Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk who has just saved the natives from an awful fate and, as a reward, been given all light bulbs they can carry. The new bulb is then inserted and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.  
King Ozymandias of Assyria was running low on cash after years of war with the Hittites.  His last great possession was the Star of the Euphrates, the most valuable diamond in the ancient world. Desperate, he went to Croesus, the pawnbroker, to ask for a loan.  Croesus said, "I'll give you 100,000 dinars for it."  "But I paid a million dinars for it," the King protested. "Don't you know who I am?  I am the King!"  Croesus replied, "When you wish to pawn a Star, makes no difference who you are."
One evening, a family sat down for dinner. The mother served fish and cauliflower. They were all eating, until the boy, chewing on his fish, found a bone.   He pulled it out of his mouth and asked, “Mom, what do I do with this?”   “Put it where you’re sure you won’t eat it,” said his mother.   So the boy carefully stuck it into his cauliflower.
A little old lady sold pretzels on a street corner for 25 cents each. Every day a young man would leave his office building at lunch time and, as he passed her pretzel stand, he would leave her a quarter, but would never take a pretzel.  This went on for more than five years. The two of them never spoke. One day as the man passed the old ladies pretzel stand and left his quarter as usual, the pretzel woman spoke to him,  "Sir, I appreciate your business.  You are a good customer, but I have to tell you that the pretzel price has increased to 35 cents."
I was driving with my three young children one warm summer evening when a woman in the convertible ahead of us stood up and waved. She was stark naked!   As I was reeling from the shock, I heard my 5-year-old shout from the back seat, ‘Mom, that lady isn't wearing a seat belt!'
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory. 
Paddy and Michael were late getting home from the Pub and decided to take a shortcut through the Parish graveyard.  "Bejabbers" said Paddy, when stumbling over a marker, "Cassandra, 97, From Cork. She was a ripe old age!"  Michael chimed in: "Well, may the Saints preserve us, this stone reads: 'Miles, 122, from Dublin!"
NEWSPAPERS: If you have to go to the bathroom while playing in the front yard, always use the newspaper that's placed in the driveway every morning for that purpose.  VISITORS: Quickly determine which guest is afraid of dogs. Charge across the room barking loudly and leap playfully on this person. If the human falls down on the floor and starts crying, lick its face and growl gently to show your concern.  BARKING: Because you are a dog, you are expected to bark. So bark -- a lot. Your owners will be very happy to hear you protecting their house. Especially late at night while they are sleeping safely in their beds. There is no more secure feeling for a human than to keep waking up in the middle of the night to the tune of your protective bark, bark, bark...  LICKING: Always take a BIG drink from your water dish immediately before licking your human. Humans prefer clean tongues. Be ready to fetch your human a towel.  HOLES: There are never enough holes in the ground. Strive daily to do your part to correct this situation. But rather than digging a BIG hole in the middle of the yard and upsetting your human, dig a lot of smaller holes all over the yard so they won't notice. If you arrange a little pile of dirt on one side of each hole, maybe they'll blame the gophers.  DOORS: The area directly in front of a door is always reserved for the family dog to sleep.  THE ART OF SNIFFING: Humans like to be sniffed. Everywhere. It is your duty, as the family dog, to accommodate them.  DINING ETIQUETTE: Always sit under the table at dinner, especially when there are guests, so you can clean up any food that falls on the floor. It's also a good time to practice your sniffing.  HOUSEBREAKING: Housebreaking is very important to humans, so break as much of the house as possible.  GOING FOR WALKS: Never go to the bathroom on your own lawn.  COUCHES: It is perfectly permissible to lie on the new couch once your humans have gone to bed.  PLAYING: If you lose your footing while chasing a ball or stick, use the flower bed to absorb your fall so you don't injure yourself.  CHASING CATS: When chasing cats, make sure you never quite catch them. It spoils all the fun.  CHEWING: Make a contribution to the fashion industry: Eat a shoe.
Me wee Oyrish Mum yanked me out of Med School immediately upon learning that the boy and girl students had to share a single curriculum.
Dying wife to her husband:  Wife: I know you'll marry again someday. She will live in this house and sleep in our bed, and use my dishes. And that's alright. But I want you to promise me something.  Husband: What's that honey?  Wife: I don't want your 2nd wife to wear my clothes.  Husband: Alright I promise. Your clothes won't fit Betty anyhow. 
An Old man sits on a park bench crying when a passer by stops to give the man some comfort.  Looking at the old man he says “you look familiar, wait you are that lottery winner who won over a hundred million” “Yes that me “replied the old man. “But you own a yacht and a massive house and didn’t you marry that nymphomaniac blond starlet” he asks. “Yes that’s all true” said the old man. “So why are you crying” he asks. “Because I have forgotten where I live!”  
Q: What do you call a cat that drinks your lemonade?  A: A Sour Puss
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Why does a chicken coop have only 2 doors?   If it had 4, it would be a chicken sedan.
What is the longest word in the world?  Smiles ... because there is a MILE between the first and last letter.
Two cannibals decided to go mountain climbing.  They gathered up their gear, and in case they got hungry they packed up a bunch of body parts to munch on.  Things were going quite well until they reached a crevice in the trail they were on. Even though it was only 3 feet wide, looking down they saw that it was a 1000 foot drop to the bottom.   					 "I suppose we could try to jump across, it's only 3 feet," said Rasheed.		  "I don't think that's wise," replied Anwar. "One slip, and it's certain death.  Wait! I have an idea!" Rustling through his knapsack, he grabs a severed leg and lays it across the gaping fissure.			 		 "What are you planning to do with that?" asked Rasheed.					  Answered Anwar, "I'm going out on a limb!"					 
A blonde asked someone what time it was, and they told her it was 4:45. The blonde, with a puzzled look on her face replied, “You know, it’s the weirdest thing, I have been asking that question all day, and each time I get a different answer.”
I tripped on my wife's bra in the bedroom, turns out it was a booby trap.
Who was the President before JFK got assassinated?  JFK
One day an ape escaped from the zoo. They searched for it everywhere. They announced his disappearance, but no one reported seeing the ape.  At last, he was discovered in the public library. Officials of the zoo as well as the animal handlers went there as soon as possible.  They found the ape sitting at a desk with two books spread out in front of him. It was reading with great concentration. One book was the Bible and the other written by Darwin.  The zoo keepers asked the ape what he was doing. The ape replied, "I'm trying to figure out whether I am my brother's keeper or whether I am my keeper's brother?"
Lisa was out driving her car and while stopped at a red light, the car's engine suddenly turned off.  It was a busy intersection and the traffic behind her was starting to pile up. The guy in the car directly behind her was honking his horn continuously as Lisa tried to get the car to start up again.  Finally she gets out and approaches the guy behind her. "I can't seem to get my car started," Lisa said, smiling. "Would you be so kind and try if you can get it fixed for me? I'll stay here in your car and lean on your horn for you."
The day before my high school graduation, the principal called an assembly. He wanted to say farewell informally, he explained, as he reviewed our years together.   There was hardly a dry eye among us as he concluded, "We will remember you, and hope you will remember us. More importantly, we want you to remember each other. I want all of you to meet in this very auditorium 25 years from today."  There was a moment of silence. Then a thin voice piped up, "What time?"
On the first day of Spring Training, a baseball scout brings a race horse with him to add to the starting line-up. The coach asks, "What did you bring that horse here for?"  The scout replies, "Wait until you see him bat."  All the players are laughing, until the horse comes to bat.  At this point, the horse grabs the bat, and everyone quiets down.  They stare at the horse. The pitcher, just shrugs his shoulders, and throws the ball toward home plate when astonishingly the horse hits the ball deep in the outfield.  The horse just stands there and does not move.  The manager then yells at the baseball scout to tell the horse to run to first base. The scout looks back at the manager and yells back, "If he could run, he'd be at Belmont!"
Q: Why is there only one Yogi Bear?  A: Because the second one was a Boo-Boo.
I changed my reference to the bathroom from John to Jim...  Sounds much more impressive saying I went to the "Jim" this morning. 
There was a terrible automobile accident. A family of four was killed and their pet chimpanzee was the only survivor.  The investigators were trying to figure out what happened when one of them had an idea. "I understand chimps are very intelligent. Some of them can use sign language. Let's try it. What was the mother doing?" he asked.  The chimp put up one hand for a mirror and with the other pretended to put on lipstick. "She was putting on lipstick!" he exclaimed.  Pleased that they were communicating, he continued the questioning. "What were the kids doing?"  The chimp put up his fists and punched the air. "They were fighting!"  The chimp nodded.  "What was the father doing?" The chimp tipped back his head and raised his hand as if drinking from a bottle. "Drinking!  The father was drinking!"  "And what were you doing?" he asked the chimp. With intense concentration the chimp peered straight ahead and grabbed the imaginary steering wheel.
Q: What's the funniest joke ever?   A: Chris Benson
A Texan walks in to a pub in Ireland and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. Ill give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."  The room is quiet, and no one takes up the Texans offer. One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?" asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses, drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement. The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me asking, where did you go for those 30 minutes you were gone?"  The Irishman replies, "Oh, I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first."
A lawyer called his client but their young son answered the phone, whispering "Hello?"  The lawyer asked if the boy's parents were home and the boy replied in a whisper, "Yes, but they can't come to the phone, they're very, very busy." A bit frustrated the lawyer asked if anyone else was home, to which the boy replied in a whisper, "Yes, my brothers are home, my sisters are home..."  The lawyer asked the young boy to put one of them on the phone, to which the boy replied in a whisper, "They can't come to the phone, they're very, very busy." Now very frustrated the lawyer asked if anyone else was home, to which the boy replied in a whisper, "Yes, my aunts are here, my uncles are here..."  The lawyer asked the young boy to put one of them on the phone, to which the boy replied in a whisper, "They can't come to the phone, they're very, very busy."  Now completely frustrated the lawyer screams, "What are what are they all doing?"  The boy replied in a whisper, "They're looking for me".
A nun who worked for a local home health care agency was out making her rounds when she ran out of gas. As luck would have it there was a station just down the street. She walked to the station to borrow a can with enough gas to start the car and drive to the station for a fill up.  The attendant regretfully told her that the only can he owned had just been loaned out, but if she would care to wait he was sure it would be back shortly.  Since the nun was on the way to see a patient she decided not to wait and she walked back to her car. After looking through her car for something to carry to the station to fill with gas, she spotted a bedpan she was taking to the patient. Always resourceful, she carried it to the station, filled it with gasoline, and carried it back to her car.  As she was pouring the gas into the tank of her car, two men walked by. One of them turned to the other and said, "Now that's what I call faith!"
During college, I worked on a conveyer belt. One day, I was on a blind date, and she asked me about my job.   "I work at the end of a belt," I said.   With an ebullient smile, she asked, "Are you the buckle?"
To make sure I won't be late for work, my girlfriend calls me on the phone every morning to wake me up. 	 Wouldn't it be easier for her to just lean over, start shaking me, and yell, 'HEY! WAKE UP!'? 
Old Programmers do not die... they decompile.
Just heard on the news that Uber is testing new driver-less cars...  Not sure where they are heading, but I am afraid they are gonna drive us crazy!
At the gym, a hole was found in the wall of the women's changing room....  Police are looking into it!
There is this boat on a jungle tour crowded with cheerful and motivated tourists. That was when they saw a frog  sitting on the edge of the boat with a languid and sad look holding on to his old guitar. A tourist asks the captain what was the meaning of that?  - Look, sir. He likes attention, he is a "show frog" and plays and sings for fun. Whenever someone touches his left leg, he then raises his left leg and plays popular music. And whenever you touch his right leg, he raises his right leg and plays soft music .  - And if someone touches both his legs?  - Don't be dumb sir, if you touch both his legs, then he raises both legs, falls backwards, and sinks in the water.
Three men died in a car accident and met Jesus himself at the Pearly Gates. The Lord spoke unto them saying, "I will ask you each a simple question. If you tell the truth I will allow you into heaven."  To the first man the Lord asked, "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" The first man replied, "Lord, I was a good husband. I never cheated on my wife." The Lord replied, "Very good! Not only will I allow you in, but for being faithful to your wife I will give you a huge mansion and a limo for your transportation.  To the second man the Lord asked, "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" The second man replied, "Lord, I cheated on my wife twice." The Lord replied, "I will allow you to come in, but for your unfaithfulness, you will get a four- bedroom house and a BMW.  To the third man the Lord asked, "So, how many times did you cheat on your wife?" The third man replied, "Lord, I cheated on my wife about 8 times." The Lord replied, "I will allow you to come in, but for your unfaithfulness, you will get a one-room apartment, and a Yugo for your transportation.  A couple hours later the second and third men saw the first man crying his eyes out. "Why are you crying?" the two men asked. "You got the mansion and limo!" The first man replied, "I'm crying because I saw my wife a little while ago, and she was riding a skateboard!"
"Darling," said the young man to his new bride. "Now that we are married, do you think you will be able to live on my modest income?"  "Of course, dearest, no trouble," she answered. "But what will you live on?"
A farmers wife is cooking. She says "I need a cup of molasses, but I ran out."  Farmers runs outside and returns with two dead moles.  Wife says, "I said a cup of molasses, not a couple of mole asses!"
Child: Mama, why don't the Berenstain Bears wear shoes?   Mother: Because they prefer bear feet.
The tenant above me keeps coming down into my flat, and I'm wondering what steps to take?
One fly says to another fly: "Psst. Hey your man is open!"
A man walks into a store and orders some rigatoni, some mozzarella, parmesan cheese and a bottle of red wine.  The clerk says "You must be Italian."  The customer, put off says, " If I ordered some potatoes, cabbage and a six pack of beer would  you say I must be Irish."  "No." Said the clerk, "THIS IS A  HARDWARE STORE!"
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?  
 A young Navy officer was in a terrible car accident, but due to the heroics of the hospital staff the only permanent injury was the loss of one ear. Since he wasn't physically impaired he remained in the military and eventually became an Admiral.  However, during his career he was always sensitive about his appearance.  One day the Admiral was interviewing two Navy Master Chiefs and a Marine Sergeant Major for his personal staff.  The first Master Chief was a Surface Navy type and it was a great interview. At the end of the interview the Admiral asked him, "Do you notice anything different about me?" The Master Chief answered, "Why yes. I couldn't help but notice you are missing your starboard ear, so I don't know whether this impacts your hearing on that side."  The Admiral got very angry at this lack of tact and threw him out of his office.  The next candidate, an Aviation Master Chief, when asked this same question, answered, "Well yes, you seem to be short one ear." The Admiral threw him out also.  The third interview was with the Marine Sergeant Major. He was articulate, extremely sharp, a combat veteran and seemed to know more than the two Master Chiefs put together. The Admiral wanted this guy, but went ahead with the same question. "Do you notice anything different about me?"  To his surprise the Sergeant Major said, "Yes, you wear contact lenses."  The Admiral was impressed and thought to himself, what an incredibly tactful Marine. "And how do you know that?" the Admiral asked.  The Sergeant Major replied, "Well sir, it's pretty hard to wear glasses with only one ear."
A young man has spent five years traveling throughout the world making a documentary on native dances. He is nearing the end of his project and winds up in Australia in Alice Springs. He begins to talk to an Aborigine, who asks the researcher if he ever saw the "Butcher Dance."  "Butcher Dance? What's that?" he asks.  "What? You no see the Butcher Dance?"  "No, I've never heard of it."  Well, the Aborigine convinces the fellow that he must see the "Butcher Dance" to finish his project. Once convinced, the man gets excited about being able to experience this very famous dance. They begin their trek over the outback to a place where the Butcher Dance is observed. They follow a dirt track for 200 miles, walking for three days through creeks and valleys. It takes them another four days to get over the mountains. And all this time they, of course, are dragging their camera equipment and crew with them.  After seven long days of grueling travel, they finally reach the village of the Butcher Dance. They find the village chief and explain to him why they have travelled so far and say they are anxious to start filming this exotic dance.  Then the bad news hits them. The chief explains that the Butcher Dance Festival was the previous night. The chief adds, "Maybe you can see it the next time."  "Well, when will you hold the next dance?" the researcher asks.  "Not 'til next year."  "Couldn't you please hold it just one more time tonight so we could see it and film it for our documentary?"  "No," was the reply. "The Butcher Dance is very holy and is performed only once a year."  The man is devastated but has no other options then to wait until next year. So he decided to stay in the area and tried to make a go of it in the village, even though it is very difficult. He becomes ill, cannot find work, misses his family, but alas, he sticks it out.   A year passes and the day of reckoning comes the next festival of the Butcher Dance. The natives form a circle around a huge roaring fire. A deathly hush descends over the performers and some sort of witch doctor appears and begins the ritual. The researcher is getting caught up in the fervor of the event. Wow, he thinks, here I am, the first white man to see the famous Butcher Dance. He starts filming. The chief strides to his position in the circle and, in a big booming voice, starts to sing. He says, "You butch yer right arm in. You butch yer right arm out. You butch yer right arm in and you shake it all about!"
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a  light bulb?  One but the light bulb really has to  really want to change. 
If you could drive the speed of light, would your head lights still work?l?!
Mary, Anna, and Tess died and went to heaven. God warned them, "Do whatever you want, but don't step on the pink clouds." One day, Mary decided to go for a walk. When she came back, there was an ugly man next to her. Anna and Tess asked, "Where'd you get that ugly man?"   "I stepped on a pink cloud." The next day, Anna decided to go for a walk. When she came back, there was an ugly man next to her. Mary and Tess asked, "Where'd you get that ugly man?" "I stepped on a pink cloud."   The next day Tess decided to go for a walk. When she came back, there was a cute man standing next to her. Mary and Anna asked, "Where'd you get that cute man?"   The man said, "I stepped on a pink cloud."
It was so hot when we got married outdoors in August, we decided to turn on all the sprinklers to cool everyone off.    Everyone enjoyed our wetting ceremony!	 
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
Knock Knock! Who is there?  Two interrupting bovines!  Two interrup--MOO!!
To keep her warm, a motorcyclist puts his leather jacket on his girlfriend backwards, so that the collar would cover her face. After they hit a patch of ice, there was a tragic accident. First on the scene was a farmer and his son. Soon a policeman arrives and questions the farmer.  "Well, sir, the poor guy down there in the ditch was apparently killed outright. The girl was in pretty good shape till Junior turned her head around."
Oh Lord, give me patience, and, and... AND I WANT IT RIGHT NOW!
A minister told his congregation, "Next week I plan to preach about the sin of lying. To help you understand my sermon, I want you all to read Mark 17."  The following Sunday, as he prepared to deliver his sermon, the minister asked for a show of hands. He wanted to know how many had read Mark 17. Every hand went up.   The minister smiled and said, "Mark has only sixteen chapters. I will now proceed with my sermon on the sin of lying.
“How good are elephants at hiding in trees?”   “What do you mean?” “Elephants don't hide in trees! “  "Well, "have you ever seen one?” 
A Politician rang up the "self help" line and said "I'm fed up with my life and am going to kill myself" The operator said "where are you". The politician said "I am on the train track under the  bridge" The operator said "please stay on the line"????
Did you hear about the baby that was born in a high tech. hospital? It came out cordless!
An industrious turkey farmer was always experimenting with breeding to perfect a better turkey.  His family was fond of the leg portion for dinner and there were never enough legs for everyone. After many frustrating attempts, the farmer was relating the results of his efforts to his friends at the general store get together. "Well I finally did it! I bred a turkey that has 6 legs!"  They all asked the farmer how it tasted.  "I don't know" said the farmer. "I never could catch the darn thing!"
Let the Wookiee win. While you're at it, let the Wookiee have the right of way in traffic. If they tip badly, do not complain. If the Wookiee does not return library books right on time, do not fine them. If they take food from your refrigerator, just let it go. Finally, if the Wookiee is your customer, remember that the customer is always right.
Q: What do you have if you hold 13 tennis balls in one hand and 15 tennis balls in the other hand?  A: REALLY big hands!
What do you put into soup to make gold?  24 carrots.
A wife arrived home after a long shopping trip, and was horrified to find her husband in bed with a young, lovely thing.  Just as she was about to storm out of the house, her husband stopped her with these words: "Before you leave, I want you to hear how this all came about.  Driving home, I saw this young girl, looking poor and tired, I offered her a ride.  She was hungry, so I brought her home and fed her some of the roast you had forgotten about in the refrigerator.  Her shoes were worn out so I gave her a pair of your shoes you didn't wear because they were out of style.  She was cold so I gave her that new birthday sweater you never wore even once because the color didn't suit you.  Her slacks were worn out so I gave her a pair of yours that you don't fit into anymore.  Then as she was about to leave the house, she paused and asked, 'Is there anything else that your wife doesn't use anymore?' "And so, here we are!"
Who wears a red suit and knows if you were naughty or nice?  The Spanish Inquisition.
"What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine?" asked the curious boy.   His mother took a deep breath and then replied, "It wooden go."  
To tell the weather, go to your back door and look for the dog.  If the dog is at the door and he is wet, it's probably raining.  But if the dog is standing there really soaking wet, it is probably raining really hard.  If the dog's fur looks like it's been rubbed the wrong way, it's probably windy.  If the dog has snow on his back, it's probably snowing.  Of course, to be able to tell the weather like this, you have to leave the dog outside all the time, especially if you expect bad weather.  Sincerely,  The CAT 
The CIA had an opening for an assassin. After all of the background checks, interviews, and testing were done there were three finalists, two men and a woman. For the final test, the CIA agents took the first man to a large metal door and handed him a gun.  "We must know that you will follow your instructions, no matter what the circumstances. Inside of this room, you will find your wife sitting in a chair. Kill her!!!"  "You can't be serious," said the man, "I could never shoot my wife."  The agent said, "Then you're not the right man for this job."  The second man was given the same instructions. He took the gun and went into the room. All was quiet for about five minutes. Then the man came out with tears in his eyes. "I tried," he said, "but I can't kill my wife."  The agent said, "You don't have what it takes; take your wife and go home."  Finally, it was the woman's turn. She was given the same instructions, to kill her husband. She took the gun and went into the room. Shots were heard, one after another, until the clip was empty. Then they heard screaming, crashing, and banging on the walls. After a few minutes, all was quiet. The door opened slowly and there stood the woman.  She wiped the sweat from her brow and said, "Somebody loaded the gun with blanks. I had to beat him to death with the chair."
One year, Santa procrastinated too much and had an hour to go over his naughty nice list.  He was in a cabin gaining some progress when he heard a knock on his door. "Santa, we need your help in the workshop!"  Frustrated, Santa yelled "I'm busy right now, handle it yourselves. I can't afford to be interrupted!" And slammed the door.  Not 15 minutes later another knock is heard and his agitation is climbing. He opens the door and yells "What?!"  It was Mrs. Claus and she said startled "I brought you some food."  His face tuning red, he says "I've got a half hour left to check this list, I can't be interrupted!" He then slammed the door on his wife. He then says "I swear, the next interruption I get I'll just lose it."  About 20 minutes passed when he heard a knock at the door. He stormed to the door with a burning hatred when he opened it. It was an angel holding a Christmas tree. "Hey Santa, where do you want the tree?"
A friend hosted a dinner party for people from work and everyone was encouraged to bring their children. All during the sit-down dinner one co-worker's three-year-old girl stared at the man sitting across from her. The girl could hardly eat her food from staring.  The man checked his tie, felt his face for food, patted his hair in place, but nothing stopped her from staring at him. He tried his best to just ignore her but finally it was too much for him. He asked her, "Excuse me little girl, but why do you keep staring at me?"  Everyone at the table had noticed her behavior, and the table went quiet for her response. The little girl said, "I just want to see how you drink like a fish."
Q: Why do people love drinking Guinness?   A :  It's a meal in a can!
Preparing to go on vacation yet very concerned her apartment would be burglarized while she was gone, Mrs. Smilowitz taped a note to her front door saying, "WE ARE HOME." When she came back from her vacation she found the house was robbed and everything was gone except for the dining room table. On it was a note which read, "Where were you? We looked for you!"
After my wife landed a coveted job offer from UPS, we went out of town to celebrate.   While on our trip, she was contacted by the company's Human Resources department with an urgent request to complete and send back her tax forms.   "No problem," she said. "I'll FedEx them right over."
A cow and a pig are watching TV.   Pig: Wanna watch something scary?  Cow: Okay by me.   So the pig changes channel to the Food Network.
What did the conductor say when asked to play "The Messiah"?  "I don't think my orchestra can Handel it."
A man went to the hardware store and asked for nails.   "How long do you want them?" asked the salesman.  "Oh," said the customer, "I was rather hoping to keep them."
A guy sends a text to his next-door neighbor:  "Bob, I'm sorry. I've been riddled with guilt and I have to confess: I have been helping myself to your wife when you're not around, probably more than you. I know it's no excuse but I don't get it at home. I can't live with the guilt any longer. I hope you'll accept my sincerest apology. It won't happen again."  Feeling outrage and betrayed, Bob goes into his bedroom, and without a word, demands a divorce from his wife.  Moments later the guy gets a second text: "Really should use spell check! That should be 'wifi'."
Blind people can drive... Just mostly into things.
My wife loves sales.   She'll buy anything that's marked down.  Yesterday she came home with an escalator.
A junior manager, a senior manager and their boss were on their way to a lunch meeting. In the cab they found a lamp. The boss rubbed it and a genie appeared.  "I'll grant you one wish each," the genie said.  Grabbing the lamp from his boss, the eager senior manager shouted, "I want to be on a fast boat in the Bahamas with no worries." And poof, he was gone.   The junior manager couldn't keep quiet. He shouted, "I want to be in Miami, with beautiful girls, and  food, and cocktails." And poof, he was gone.   Finally, it was the boss's' turn. "I want those idiots back in the office after lunch."
Young Susie was having trouble with her computer so she called Wes, the computer guy, over to her desk. Wes clicked a couple buttons and solved the problem.  As he was walking away Susie called after him, "So, what was wrong?" And he replied, "It was an 'ID ten T' error." A puzzled expression ran riot over Susie's face. " 'An ID ten T' error? What's that, in case I need to fix it again?" He gave her a grin. "Haven't you ever seen an 'ID ten T' error before?" Susie replied, "No." "Write it down," he said, "and I think you'll figure it out." . . . . . . . . . . I D 1 0 T .
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples. The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray: 'Take only ONE. God is watching.' Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies.  A child had written a note, 'Take all you want. God is watching the apples'
An Amish dad and his son were in a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this, Father?"  The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is."  While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, an 80 year old lady in a wheelchair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number, and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a 24-year-old girl stepped out. The dad said, I’m getting in.  
(The next day, again) Buddha walks up to a hot dog vendor and says, "Make me one with everything."  The vendor then hands him the hot dog and Buddha pays him with a ten.   The vendor puts it in his till and moves on to the next customer.   Buddha says, "What about my change?"  The vendor replies, "change comes from within".
Ron just got a new sports car and was out for a drive when he cut off a truck driver. The trucker motioned for Ron to pull over. When he did, the driver got out of his truck and pulled a piece of chalk from his pocket. He drew a circle on the road and told Ron to stand in the circle and not move. He then went to Ron's new car and cut up the leather seats. When the truck driver turned around Ron had a slight grin on his face.  "Oh, you think that's funny?" the trucker asked, "Watch this." He got a baseball bat out of his truck and broke every window in the car. When he turned and looked Ron had a smile on his face. This drove the driver into a rage. He got his knife back out and sliced all the tires. Now Ron was laughing. The truck driver really started to lose it. He went back to his truck and got a can of gas, poured it on the sports car and set it on fire. He turned around and Ron was laughing so hard he almost fell down.  "What's so funny?" the truck driver asked him.  Ron replied, "When you weren't looking, I stepped outside the circle four times."
It's better to be short than not a tall.
A dog is so smart that his master decides to send him to college.  Home for vacation, his master asks him how college is going.  "Well," says the dog, "I'm not doing too great in science and math, but I have made a lot of progress in foreign languages."  "Really?" says the master. "Say something in a foreign language."  The dog says, "Meow!"
Man and wife driving through the countryside come across a herd of goats.  Wife to hubby whilst pointing at the goat's: Your relatives!  Hubby to wife: Yes they are....from my wife's side.
A frog, a duck, and a skunk went to the movies. The frog and duck were allowed to see it, but the skunk wasn't.   Why?  Because the frog had a greenback, the duck had a bill, but the skunk had only one scent.
A gentleman enters a restaurant and asks the waitress what was on special. She replied, "Today we have lobster tales for 50 cents."  He said, "I'll take a dozen!"  She told him since it was a special he would have to pay in advance which he did. Then she said, "Are you ready for your first tale?"  He assured her he couldn't wait. Then she began... "Once upon a time there was this little lobster....."
A doctor had been attending a rich old man for some time, but it became apparent that the old chap had not long to live. Accordingly, the doctor advised his wealthy patient to put his affairs in order.  "Oh yes, I've done that," said the old gentleman. "I've only got to make a will. And do you know what I'm going to do with all my money? I'm going to leave it to the doctor who saves my life."
One night a teenage girl brought her new boyfriend home to meet her traditional parents and they were appalled by his appearance... leather jacket, motorcycle boots, tattoos and pierced nose.  Later, the parents pulled their daughter aside and confessed their concern. "Dear," said the mother diplomatically, "he doesn't seem very nice."  "Oh please, Mom," replied the daughter, "if he wasn't nice, why would he be doing 500 hours of community service?" 
“Grandpa, do you mind if I play my new harmonica in here?” asked little Phil. “Of course not, Phil.  I love music. In fact, when your grandma and I were young, music saved my life.  “What happened?” ask Phil.  Well, it was during the famous Johnstown flood.   The dam broke and when the water hit our house it knocked it right off the foundation. Grandma got on the dining room table and floated out safely.” “How about you?”  “Me?  I accompanied her on the piano!”  
" Doctor, I get this overpowering urge to sing 'Delilah'. Then I get this urge to sing 'The Green Green Grass of Home" " Hmmm, you are suffering from Tom Jones syndrome." " I've never heard of that doctor. Is it a rare complaint?" "It's not unusual" 
A couple is arguing about who should make the coffee in the morning.  The wife says, “I think your should do it because you get up first.” He counters with, “The kitchen is your domain, and you do all the cooking so you know where everything is.  I think you should make the coffee.” “No way,” she says. “You should do it.  The Bible even says so.”  “What the heck are you talking about?”  She grabs the family Bible, thumbs through, and point to the appropriate section: “Hebrews”  
If at first you don't succeed,sky-diving is not for you!
“Grandpa, do you mind if I play my new harmonica in here?” asked little Phil.  “Of course not, Phil.  I love music. In fact, when your grandma and I were young, music saved my life."  “What happened?” asked Phil.    "Well, it was during the famous Johnstown flood. The dam broke and when the water hit our house it knocked it right off the foundation. Grandma got on the dining room table and floated out safely.”  “How about you?”  “Me? Well, I accompanied her on the piano!” 
My boyfriend and I broke up.  He wanted to get married... I didn't want him to.
Everyone's heard of Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer as the ninth reindeer, but many people don't know that there is a tenth one whose name was Olive.   "Olive the other reindeer, used to laugh and call him names..."
What happens when you fart in church?  You have to sit in your own pew.
I think my smartphone is broken. I keep pressing the Home button, but I'm still working. 
Confusius say: "Man who run behind car get exhausted, but man who run in front of car get tired."
A Cajun named, Jean Paul, moved to Texas and bought a donkey from an old farmer named Ben for $100. The farmer agreed to deliver the donkey the next day.  The next day, Ben drove up and said, "Sorry, but I have some bad news. The donkey died." "Well, then, just give me the money back," said Jean Paul "Can't do that. I went and spent it already." Replied Ben "OK, then. Just unload the donkey," said Jean Paul. "What ya going to do with him?" asked Ben. "I'm going to raffle him off," said Jean Paul. "You can't raffle off a dead donkey!" uttered Ben. "Sure can. Watch me. I just won't tell that he's dead," said Jean Paul. A month later Ben met up with the Cajun and asked, "What happened with that dead donkey?" "I raffled him off, I did. I sold 500-hunderd tickets at two dollars apiece and made a profit of $898," said Jean Paul. "Didn't anyone complain?" inquired Ben. "Just the guy who won. So I gave him his two dollars back,” said Jean Paul.  
Drunks    Two drunks are driving down the highway, drinking their beer. All of a sudden the driver notices lights flashing in his mirror; the cops are on his tail. His buddy says, "What are we going to do?" The driver says, "Don't worry. Just do exactly what I tell you and everything will work out perfectly. First, peel the labels off our beer bottles and we'll each stick one on our forehead. Then shove the bottles underneath the seat, and let me do the talking." They pull over and the cop walks up to the car. He looks at them kind of funny, but asks to see the guy's driver's license. And he asks him, "Have you been drinking?" "Oh, no, sir," the driver replies. "I noticed you weaving back and forth across the highway. Are you *sure* you haven't been drinking?" the cop asks. "Oh, no, sir," the drunk answers. "We haven't had a thing to drink tonight." "Well, I've got to ask you," says the cop, "What on earth are those things on your forehead?" "That's easy, Officer," says the drunk. "You see, we're both alcoholics, and we're on the patch."
Granddaughter: It’s March 14th grandpa, national “pi” day. Grandpa: I love pie!  Granddaughter: Not that kind of pie grandpa, I’m talking about a formula! Grandpa: Back in my day we called it a recipe!   Granddaughter: Graaaand Paaaa, not that, it’s a mathematical formula, you know an equation.  Grandpa: That’s the problem these days, everyone makes things so complicated. In my day we used things like cups, teaspoons and tablespoons. We didn’t need math if we wanted to bake a pie.   Granddaughter: Oh, I see your point! So what would you like, apple or cherry pie?  Grandpa: Finally, a young person who actually understand things.  
“Give me a sentence about a public servant,” the teacher instructed her third grade class.  “The fireman came down the ladder pregnant,” answered one little girl.  “Umm … Do you know what pregnant means?”  “Yes,” said the girl. “It means carrying a child.”
Girlfriend:  Wanna see a magic trick?  Boyfriend: Sure babe!   Girlfriend: BAM! You're single. 
How Churches might be in 2020:  PASTOR: Praise the Lord.  CONGREGATION: Hallelujah!  PASTOR: Can we please turn our iPads and Kindle Bibles to Exodus 20:1. When you’re done, kindly switch on your Bluetooth to receive the sermon. Please have your debit cards ready as we shall now collect tithes and offering. You can connect to the church WiFi using password Lord99087 and as for the renovation donations, you’re welcome to contribute via EFT or mobile banking. The holy atmosphere is truly electric as the iPads beep and flicker.  CHURCH SECRETARY: This week’s meetings will be held on the various Whatsapp groups so please don’t miss out! Wednesday Bible teachings will be held live on Skype @1900hrsGMT. By the way, you may follow the Pastor on Twitter for counseling and don’t forget our weekly prayers on YouTube. God bless you all.  CONGREGATION: Amen!
A police officer was staking out a particularly rowdy bar for possible drunk drivers. At closing time, he saw a fellow stumble out of the bar, trip on the curb and try his keys on five different cars before he found his. Then he sat in the front seat fumbling around with his keys for several minutes. Everyone left the bar and drove off.  Finally, he started his engine and began to pull away. The police officer was waiting for him. He stopped the driver, read him his rights and administered a Breathalyzer test. The results showed a reading of 0.0. The puzzled officer demanded to know how that could be.  The driver replied, "Tonight, I'm the designated decoy."
A young Scottish lad and lass were sitting on a low stone wall, holding hands, gazing out over the loch.   For several minutes they sat silently. Then finally the girl looked at the boy and said, "A penny for your thoughts, Angus." "Well, uh, I was thinkin'... perhaps it's aboot time for a wee kiss."  The girl blushed, then leaned over and kissed him lightly on the cheek. Then he blushed. The two turned once again to gaze out over the loch.  Minutes passed and the girl spoke again. "Another penny for your thoughts, Angus."  "Well, uh, I was thinkin' perhaps it's noo aboot time for a wee cuddle."  The girl blushed, then leaned over and cuddled him for a few seconds. Then he blushed. And the two turned once again to gaze out over the loch.  After a while, she again said, "Another penny for your thoughts, Angus." "Well, uh, I was thinkin' perhaps it's aboot time you let me put my hand on your leg."  The girl blushed, then took his hand and put it on her knee. Then he blushed.  Then the two turned once again to gaze out over the loch before the girl spoke again.  "Another penny for your thoughts, Angus."  The young man glanced down with a furled brow. "Well, no," he said, 'my thoughts are a wee bit more serious this time.'  "Really?" said the lass in a whisper, filled with anticipation.  "Aye," said the lad, nodding.  The girl looked away in shyness, began to blush, and bit her lip in anticipation of the ultimate request. Then he said:  "Dae ye nae think it's aboot time ye paid me the first three pennies?" 
An atheist was seated next to a little girl on an airplane and he turned  to her and said, "Do you want to talk?  Flights go quicker if you strike up a conversation with your fellow passenger."  The little girl, who had just started to read her book, replied to the total stranger, "What would you want to talk about?"  "Oh, I don't know," said the atheist.  "How about why there is no God, or no Heaven or Hell, or no life after death?" as he smiled smugly.  "Okay," she said. "Those could be interesting topics but let me ask you a question first...  A horse, a cow, and a deer all eat the same stuff - grass.  Yet a deer excretes little pellets while a cow turns out a flat patty, but a horse produces clumps.  Why do you suppose that is?"  The atheist, visibly surprised by the little girl's intelligence, thinks about it and says, "Hmmm, I have no idea."  To which the little girl replies, "Do you really feel qualified to discuss God, Heaven and Hell, or life after death when you don't know one piece of crap from another?"  And then she went back to reading her book. 
One morning at a doctor's office a patient arrives complaining of serious back-pain. The doctor examines him and asks him, "OK, what happened to your back?"  The patient replies, "You know that I work for a local night club right? This morning I got home to my apartment early and heard a noise in my bedroom. On entering I knew someone had been with my wife and the balcony door was open. I rushed out the balcony door and did not find anyone. As I looked down from the balcony I saw a man running out and he was dressing himself. I grabbed the fridge and threw it at him, That’s how I strained my back"  The 2nd patient arrives looking as if he has been in a car wreck. The doctor said, "My previous patient looked bad, but you look terrible. What the hell happened to you?" He replied, "You know I have been unemployed for a while now. Today was the first day at my new job. I forgot to set my alarm and was running late. I was running out of the building, getting dressed at the same time, and you won't believe it but I was hit by a fridge."  The 3rd patient arrives, he looks even worse than the other two Patients do.. The doctor is shocked. Again he asks,"What the heck happened to you?"  "Well, I was sitting in a fridge & someone threw it from the 3rd floor..."
Interviewer to Millionaire: To whom do you owe your success as a millionaire?" Millionaire: "I owe everything to my wife." Interviewer: "Wow, she must be some woman. Interviewer: "What were you before you married her?" Millionaire: "A Billionaire"
What are the two reasons why babies wear diapers?  Number 1 and Number 2!
A man asked an American Indian what was his wife's name. He replied, "She called Four Horse."  The man said, "That is an unusual name for your wife. What does it mean?"  The old Indian answered, "It old Indian name. It mean, Nag, Nag, Nag, Nag!"
A Police officer called over to the Station on his radio.   "I have an interesting case here. An old lady shot her husband for stepping on the floor she just mopped."  "Have you arrested the woman?"  "Not yet. The floor's still wet."
A Sunday school teacher said to her children, "We have been learning how powerful kings and queens were in Bible times. But, there is a higher power. Can anybody tell me what it is?"  One child blurted out, "Aces!"
A young monk arrives at the monastery. He is assigned to helping the other monks in copying the old laws of the church by hand.  He notices, however, that all of the monks are copying from copies, not from the original manuscript. So, the new monk goes to the head monk to question this, pointing out that if someone made even a small error in the first copy, it would never be picked up! In fact, that error would be continued in all of the subsequent copies.  The head monk, says, "We have been copying from the copies for centuries, but you make a good point, my son."  He goes down into the dark caves underneath the monastery where the original manuscripts are held as archives in a locked vault that hasn't been opened for hundreds of years. Hours go by and nobody sees the head monk.  So, the young monk gets worried and goes down to look for him. He sees him banging his head against the wall and wailing.  "We missed the R! We missed the R! We missed the R!"  His forehead is all bloody and bruised and he is crying uncontrollably. The young monk asks the head monk, "What's wrong, father?"  The head monk with tears in his eyes replies, "The word is celebrate not celibate!" 
A young guy from North Dakota moves to Florida and goes to a big "everything under one roof' department store looking for a job.  The Manager says, "Do you have any sales experience?"  The kid says "Yeah. I was a vacuum salesman back in North Dakota."  Well, the boss was unsure, but he liked the kid and figured he'd give him a shot, so he gave him the job. "You start tomorrow. I'll come down after we close and see how you did."  His first day on the job was rough, but he got through it. After the store was locked up, the boss came down to the sales floor. "How many customers bought something from you today?"  The kid frowns and looks at the floor and mutters, "One".  The boss says "Just one?!!? Our sales people average sales to 20 to 30 customers a day. That will have to change, and soon, if you'd like to continue your employment here. We have very strict standards for our sales force here in Florida. One sale a day might have been acceptable in North Dakota, but you're not on the farm anymore, son."  The kid took his beating, but continued to look at his shoes, so the boss felt kinda bad for chewing him out on his first day. He asked (semi-sarcastically), "So, how much was your one sale for?"  The kid looks up at his boss and says "$101,237.65".  The boss, astonished, says "$101,237.65?!? What the heck did you sell?"  The kid says, "Well, first, I sold him some new fish hooks. Then I sold him a new fishing rod to go with his new hooks. Then I asked him where he was going fishing and he said down the coast, so I told him he was going to need a boat, so we went down to the boat department and I sold him a twin engine Chris Craft. Then he said he didn't think his Honda Civic would pull it, so I took him down to the automotive department and sold him that 4x4 Expedition."  The boss said "A guy came in here to buy a fish hook and you sold him a boat and a TRUCK!?"  The kid said "No, the guy came in here to buy tampons for his wife, and I said, 'Dude, your weekend's shot, you should go fishing.'
Q: Where do pencils go for vacation? A: Pencil-vania.
Selling at an auction was halted when the auctioneer announced, “Someone in the room has lost his wallet containing $2,000. He is offering a reward of $500.00 for its immediate return.” After a moment of silence, there was a call from the back of the room, “$550.00”
***Punny News Headlines***  Metal fans keep cool at concert... Limbo dancers reach new low.... Lawyer loses his case- Finds it in Car.... Cellmates complete each other sentences... Global explorer finds himself.... Missing link found online....   
What do you call a fish with no eyes?   A fsh....
Sign in the widow of a Photography Studio: We can Shoot Your Wife and Frame Your Mother-In-Law, If you want. We can Hang Them Too.
A tour bus driver is driving with a bus load of seniors down a highway when he is tapped on his shoulder by a little old lady. She offers him a handful of peanuts, which he gratefully munches up.  After about 15 minutes, she taps him on his shoulder again and she hands him another handful of peanuts.  She repeats this gesture about five more times. When she is about to hand him another batch again he asks the little old lady, 'Why don't you eat the peanuts yourself?'   'We can't chew them because we've no teeth', she replied.  The puzzled driver asks, 'Why do you buy them then?'  The old lady replied, 'We just love the chocolate around them."
A boss was complaining in a staff meeting the other day that he wasn’t getting any respect.   Later that morning he went to a local sign shop and bought a small sign that read, “I’m the Boss”.  He then taped it to his office door.  Later that day when he returned from lunch, he found that someone had taped a note to the sign that said. “Your wife called, She wants her sign back!” 
I have an inferiority complex, but it's not a very good one.
What do you call it when Superman skips church?  A Christian Bale. 
A cop pulled me over and saids, "Papers."  I turned to him and said, "Scissors. I win!" and then drove away.
Q: Is Google male or female?   A: A female because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.
Santa walks into the psychiatrist's office very upset.  "Why Santa," says the psychiatrist,"Why are you here?"   "I can't deliver the presents to the children's homes!!!" replies Santa.  "Well, what's the problem?" asks the psychiatrist.  "I don't know," says Santa, "I get very scared and anxious and just can't go down the chimney. What is it Doctor?  "Do you know what's wrong with me?" asks Santa.  "Yes," says the psychiatrist,"I know exactly what's wrong with you, Santa.  You are suffering from CLAUS-trophia!"
Sometimes... when you cry... no one sees your tears .  Sometimes... when you are worried... no one sees your pain.  Sometimes... when you are happy... no one sees your smile.  But fart just one time... 
Actual signs that have appeared at various locations.   * A speed limit sign: "Smile, You're on Radar!"  * Seen in a State Park: (A large sign with a rock hanging on a rope) "Weather Station: Check the rock. If it's wet, it's raining. If it's moving, it's windy. If you can't see it, it's foggy. If rock is gone, it's a tornado."  * Notice in a field: "The farmer allows walkers to cross the field for free, but the bull charges."  * Sign seen in a small restaurant: "Thanks for visiting. If you liked the food, send your friends. Otherwise, send your mother-in-law."
Q: What do u call a midget psychic on the run from the law?  A: A small medium at large. 
The lawyer was cross-examining a witness. “Isn’t it true,“ he began, “that you were given $5000.00 to throw this case?”  The witness did not answer. Instead, he just stared out the window as though he hadn’t heard the question.  The attorney repeated himself, again getting the same reaction, the same no response. Finally, the judge spoke to the witness, “Please answer the question.”  “Oh,” said the startled witness, “I'm sorry your honor. I thought he was talking to you.”   
I was watching the Super Bowl with my ninety two year old grandfather.  One team scored a touchdown. They showed the instant replay. He thought they scored another one...  I was gonna tell him, but the game he was watching was better.
A guy and his dog went into a bar. The guy tells the bartender, named Rafe, that his dog is the smartest dog in the world. Rafe tells the guy to prove it.   Guy: What's the bartenders name? Dog: Rafe!  Guy: What's the thing that covers a house? Dog: Roof!  Guy: What is the opposite of smooth? Dog: Rough!  Guy: Who's the greatest baseball player of all time?  Dog: Ruth!  Then Rafe kicks the guy and his dog out of the bar because he's had enough of their trickery. When outside the bar, the dog says to the guy, "I think I know what went wrong. I should have said 'Mantle'!"
Definition of Eternity:  The last two minutes of a football game.
The local hospital for the criminally insane has been trying to help the inmates adjust to society and  also get exercise at the same time.  So, they built a nice nature center with a nature trail around the grounds.    What did they name this nature trail?   What else, Psycho Path.			  
What's the difference between a well dressed man and a dog?  The man wears a suit. The dog just pants.
I knew she was the one for me when we went walking through the evergreen trees.   It was love at firs site.
The pediatric nurse entered the room, prepared to do the job of giving a shot to a little girl. Upon entering the examining room, little girl starting screaming, “NO! NO! NO!”  “Jessica,” her mother scolded her, “that is not polite behavior!”   The girl stopped briefly and then continued with her screaming, “NO THANK YOU! NO THANK YOU! NO THANK YOU!”  
A social worker from Ohio who was recently transferred to the mountains of North Georgia, was on the first tour of his new territory when he came upon the tiniest cabin he had ever seen in his life. Intrigued, he went up and knocked on the door.  "Anybody home?" he asked.  "Yep," came a kid's voice through the door.  "Is your father there?" asked the social worker.  "Pa? Nope, he left before Ma came in," said the kid.  "Well, is your mother there?" persisted the social worker.  "'Ma? Nope, she left just before I got here," said the kid.  "But what," protested the social worker, "are you never together as a family?"  ''Sure, but not here," said the kid through the door. "This is the outhouse."
Animal testing is a terrible idea... they get all nervous and then give the wrong answers.
Three engineering firms were competitively bidding on Red-Sea tunnel project for the government of Egypt. The first engineer stands before the board and begins describing how he will accomplish the task.  He says, "We will begin boring from both sides of the sea and join the tubes in the middle.  Our plan has 10% margin of error for missing the center point but we have B-plan ready to rectify the error and finish the tunnel."  Second engineer comes in and describes his plan. "We will begin boring on both ends and meet in the middle. Our calculations may have 5% margin of error and our plan B is ready to rectify and connect the tunnel if needed."  Third engineer begins his presentation and says, "We will begin boring on both ends of the sea and meet in the middle.  If successful, we'll connect the tubes and you'll have your tunnel.  If we are not, then you'll have two tunnels." 
A Christian family was at a pet store when the owner suggested that they get a Bible Dog. Family: Bible Dog? Owner: Watch. Bible Dog pray! (Bible Dog starts praying.)  Owner: Bible Dog read! (Bible Dog starts reading scripture.)  Family: We'll take him.  One week later the family hosts a party. The family shows off the Bible Dog by doing the same tricks that the owner showed them. One of the guests say that's fine, but can he do normal tricks.  Family: Bible Dog sit! (Nothing happens.)  Family: Bible Dog come! (Nothing happens.)  Family: Bible Dog heel!  Bible Dog stands on his two feet and lays a hand on one of the family's head and says, "You've been saved!!!"
Three Chinese named Chu, Bu, and Fu went to America. Upon reaching there they decided to Americanize their names.  So Chu became Chuck, Bu became Buck… and Fu decided to return to China.
You met him in prison. During your initial consultation he tries to sell you Amway. He tells you that his last good case was a "Budweiser." When the prosecutors see who your lawyer is, they high-five each other. He picks the jury by playing "duck-duck-goose." During the trial you catch him playing his Gameboy. He asks a hostile witness to "pull my finger." A prison guard is shaving your head. Every couple of minutes he yells, "I call Jack Daniels to the stand!" and proceeds to drink a shot. He frequently gives juror No. 4 the finger. He places a large "No Refunds" sign on the defense table. He begins closing arguments with, "As Ally McBeal once said . . ." He keeps citing the legal case of Godzilla v. Mothra. Just before trial starts he whispers, "The judge is the one with the little hammer, right?" Just before he says "Your Honor," he makes those little quotation marks in the air with his fingers. The sign in front of his law office reads "Practicing Law Since 2:25." Whenever his objection is overruled, he tells the judge, "Whatever." He giggles every time he hears the word "briefs." 
Bob stood over his tee shot for what seemed an eternity. He waggled, looked up, looked down, waggled again, but didn't start his back swing.  Finally his exasperated partner asked, "what the hell is taking so long?"  "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse," Bob explained. "I want to make a perfect shot."  "Good lord!" his companion exclaimed. "You don't have a snowball's chance in hell of hitting her from here." 
1) You walka pasta da bakery.   2) You walka pasta da candy store.   3) You walka pasta da Ice Cream shop.   4) You walka pasta da table and fridge. 
A girl was given a tea set for her second birthday. It became one of he favorite toys, and when her mother went away for a few weeks to care for her sick aunt, the toddler loved to take her father a little cup of tea, which was just water really, while he was engrossed watching the news on TV.  He sipped each "cup of tea" he was brought and lavished generous praise on the taste, leaving the little girl immensely proud.  Eventually the mother returned home and the father couldn't wait to show her how his little princess had been looking after him. On cue, the girl took him his "cup of tea" and he sipped it before praising it to the heavens.  The mother watched him drink it and said: "Did it ever occur to you that the only place she can reach to get water is the toilet?"
A multimillionaire bachelor goes to his club to play golf with two friends. Not knowing who would be joining them, they walk to the first tee.  As they finish teeing off, a tall, beautiful, raven-haired woman asks if she can join them. Although the bachelor thinks this is going to slow down their play, he agrees. The woman tees up a ball and, without a practice swing, smacks it straight down the middle.  This goes on all day and she finishes even par for the round, beating all the men.  They invite her back the next week. They have a great time, and she shoots the same score. The bachelor thinks to himself, "This is the girl of my dreams!" So he asks her out on a date. They go out, find they have much in common and have a great evening.  They make another golf date, during which she shoots two-under and gives a clinic in shotmaking.  The millionaire is now convinced that they are meant to be together. He invites her back to his apartment, where they talk for hours. Everything is progressing smoothly, so he invites her to his bedroom. Their passions run riot, but she doesn't let things go too far and he drives her home.  This pattern continues for a month: Great golf, great dates, but nights of abbreviated passion. The bachelor can't take it anymore.  "I know the time we spent on the golf course and in my apartment is wonderful.  And even though we haven't been fully intimate, I know that I love you, you love me, and that you are the girl I want to marry!"  "Darling," she says, "I have something to tell you. I can not hide it anymore. I am a man!"  His mouth drops open, his face turns red, he begins to shake. She's convinced he's going to have a heart attack, or worse, when finally, in a blind rage, he shouts, "And all, this time, you've been playing from the red tees?"
A  police officer pulls over a speeding car. The officer says, "I clocked you at 80  miles per hour , sir ."   The driver says,  "Gee, officer, I had it on cruise control at 60; perhaps your radar gun needs calibrating."  Not looking up from her knitting his wife says:  "Now don't be silly, dear -- you know that this car doesn't have cruise control."  As the officer writes out the ticket, the driver looks over at his wife and growls, "Can't you please keep your mouth shut for once?"  His wife smiles demurely and says,  "Well dear you should be thankful your radar detector went off when it did or your speed would have been higher."  As the officer makes out the second ticket for the illegal radar detector unit, the man glowers at his wife and says through clenched teeth, "Woman, can't you keep your mouth shut?"  The officer frowns and says,  "And I notice that you're not wearing your seat belt, sir. That's an automatic $75 fine."  The driver says, "Yeah, well, you see, officer, I had it on, but I took it off when you pulled me over so that I could get my license out of my back pocket. "  His wife says, "Now, dear, you know very well that you didn't have your seat-belt on. You never wear your seat-belt when you're driving."  And as the police officer is writing out the third ticket, the driver turns to his wife and barks, "WILL YOU PLEASE SHUT UP?? "  The officer looks over at the woman and asks, "Does your husband always talk to you this way, Ma'am? "  "Only when he's been drinking!"
One year, I decided to buy my wife's mother a cemetery plot as a Christmas gift... The next year, I didn't buy her a gift.   When she asked me why, I replied, "Well, you still haven't used the gift I bought you last year!"
When our lawn mower broke and wouldn't run, my wife kept hinting to me that I should get it fixed. But, somehow I always had something else to take care of first, the shed, the boat, brewing beer, watching TV. Always something more important to me.  Finally she thought of a clever way to make her point. When I arrived home one day, I found her seated in the tall grass, busily snipping away with a tiny pair of sewing scissors.  I watched silently for a short time and then went into the house. I was gone only a minute, and when I came out again I handed her a toothbrush. I said, "When you finish cutting the grass, you might as well sweep the driveway."  The doctors say I will walk again, but I will always have a limp.
A man walks into a bar. He gets very drunk and asks the bartender where the restroom is.  The bartender explains it's the third door to the right, but the man goes into the third door to the left. He finds a large golden toilet. The man takes a big poop in it and leaves.  He continues to return to drink there every week, and every time he goes to poop in that golden toilet.  One day he finds the golden toilet is gone, so he asks the bartender about it.  The bartender exclaims, "So you're the one who's been pooping in my tuba!"
A man is speeding down the freeway when he's stopped by a police car and has to pull over. "Do you realize you were doing 80 m.p.h. in a 60 m.p.h. zone, sir?" asks the policeman.          "That's impossible, sir, I never break the speed limit," replies the driver. The driver's wife butts in and says, "Yes, you do, I'm always telling you to keep your speed down."   The policeman says, "I also noticed, sir, that you didn't have your seatbelt on. You put it on as I was walking over to your car."   "That is not true, sir; I always wear my seatbelt," replies the driver.  "No, you don't, I'm always telling you to put your seatbelt on," says the driver's wife.  "Stupid woman," the driver explodes, "can't you, just for once, keep that big, fat trap of yours shut?"  The policeman is a bit shocked by how the driver is speaking to his wife, so he moves around to her side of the car. "Does he often speak to you like this, madam?"  "Oh, no, officer," she says, "only when he's drunk."
One day, while sailing the Seven Seas, Captain Bravo's lookout spotted a pirate ship. The crew became frantic! Captain Bravo bellowed, "Bring me my red shirt!"  The first mate quickly retrieved the captain's red shirt, and while wearing the brightly colored frock, the Captain led his crew into battle and defeated the pirates. That evening, all the men sat around on the deck recounting the day's triumph.  One of them asked the captain, "Sir, why did you call for your red shirt before battle?"          The captain replied, "If I had been wounded in the attack, the shirt would not have shown my blood. Thus, you men would continue to fight, unafraid."   All of the men sat and marveled at both the courage and intelligence of such a manly man's man. As dawn came the next morning, the lookout spotted not one, not two, but TEN pirate ships approaching!  The crew stared in worshipful silence at the captain and waited for his usual brilliant orders.          Captain Bravo gazed with steely eyes upon the vast armada arrayed against his ship, and without fear, turned and calmly shouted, "Get me my brown pants!"
Blessed Be The Tie  A guy walking in the desert desperately needed a drink.  As he followed the dunes, he came upon another man riding a camel.  He asked the man if he had something to drink.  The man on the camel said "No, but if you like, I have a nice selection of ties.  Would you like to buy one?"  "No!" The first man replied.  "Are you crazy?  I need something to drink, not a tie!"  So the man on the camel rode on, and the walking man continued his slow and very thirsty trek for several days.  Finally he came upon a Cantina.  He gratefully approached the doorman at the Cantina and said, "I'm so glad I made it!  Can I get in and get some water?"  The doorman frowned at him.  "Not without a tie."   
A guy walks into a bar and asks, "Who owns that Doberman tied up outside?"  A man replies, "That's my dog".  "Well," says the first man, "I think my Chihuahua killed him."  "Your CHIHUAHUA killed my Doberman?"  "How'd he do that?" asks the man at the bar.   "I'm not sure. I think he got lodged in his throat".
China has a population of a billion people. One billion.   That means even if you’re a one in a million kind of guy, there are still a thousand others exactly like you! 
What do you call Chewbacca with chocolate in his hair?  A chocolate chip wookie.
Q.: What's the difference between Germans who are computer illiterate and Germans who are computer whizzes?  A.: In Germany, computer illiterates say, "Guten Tag," whereas, computer whizzes say, "Guten Toggle."
How do you drive someone crazy?  You lock them in a round room and tell them to pee in the corner. 
A man receives a phone call from his doctor.  The doctor says, “I have some good news and some bad news.”  The man says, “OK, give me the good  news first.”  The doctor says, “The good news is,  you have 24 hours to live.”  The man replies, “Oh no! If that’s  the good news, then what’s the bad news?”  The doctor says, “The bad news is,  I forgot to call you yesterday.”  
A man at the pharmacy to pick up his Viagra prescription complained over the $10/pill price.  His wife, who was with him, had a different opinion: "Oh, $40 a year isn't too bad."
A man brings his best buddy home for dinner unannounced at 6:30PM after work.  His wife screams at him while his friend sits and listens in.  "My hair and makeup are not done, the house is a mess, the dishes are not done, I am still in my pajamas and I can't be bothered with cooking tonight! Why the heck did you bring him home?"  Calmly the husband replies, "Because he's thinking of getting married and I promised him a demo."
"Hey, did you hear about the Kidnapping on the weekend?"   Everything's OK he woke up!
A young man walks up to a park bench where an elderly gentleman is quietly weeping asks if he is OK. The old guy says, "yes, I am great"! I am in love with a beautiful 25 year old model who adores me. She cooks all my meals and we make sweet love nearly everyday".   The young man asks, "So why are YOU crying"?  The old guy says, "I can't remember where I live...." 
Two cows are standing in a field, one says to the other: Did you hear about the outbreak of mad cow disease? Are you worried?   The other cow replies: Not at all, good thing i am a helicopter
The Professor was teaching his students, and asked them "What's the difference between complete and finished"? The students all look amazed, with no answers Well says the Professor "if you marry the right person, your life is complete" However if you marry the wrong person, you life is finished BUT if you sleep with the wrong person and the right person finds out? You are completely finished!
“Suicidal Twin kills sister by accident!!!”
Competitive Salary-Paying you less than our competitions. Join our Fast Paced Team-We expect you to know everything so we don’t train you.  Casual Work Atmosphere-We don’t pay you enough to dress you up Must be Deadline Oriented-You are 6 months behind on your first day. Duties Will Vary-Anyone in the Office can boss you around Must have an eye for detail-We have no quality control 
Q: What food did Dracula bring to the party?  A: Fang-furters!
There's two fish in a tank, and one says ''How do you drive this thing?''             
An aspiring actor calls his agent from the set of his first film.  He is playing the lead role for the first time in his career.  “How’s it going?” the agent asks.  “It’s amazing!” the actor gushes.  “The director told me that my performance is making him consider two films with me.”  “Two?” he agent replies.  “Yeah,” the actor says, “my first and my last.”
At the movie theater, a young man returning to his seat taps the arm of a woman in the last seat in the row.  “Excuse me,” he says, “but did I step on your toe on the way out?”  “As a matter of fact, you did,” says the woman, expecting an apology. “Oh good,” says the man, “then this is my row.”   
A snail was mugged by a tortoise. The police said "Can you give us a description of your attacker?  The snail said, "no, it all happened so fast!"
How many cups of coffee will this hold?” the man asked as he placed a large thermos on the lunchroom counter.  “Six cups,” advised the waitress.  “Fine,” replied the man.  “Give me two cups regular, two cups black, and two with extra cream." 
On the way to lunch, a teacher spotted two boys playfully fighting. She asked one of the boys to go to the back of the line and he came back right after.   ”Why aren't you at the end of the line?" asked the teacher.   The boy replied, "I couldn't, someone was already there."
An Illinois man left the snow-filled streets of Chicago for a vacation in Florida. His wife was on a business trip and was planning to meet him there the next day.  When he reached his hotel, he decided to send his wife a quick email. Unable to find the scrap of paper on which he had written her email address, he did his best to type it in from memory.  Unfortunately, he missed one letter and his note was directed instead to an elderly preacher's wife, whose husband had passed away only the day before. When the grieving widow checked her email, she took one look at the monitor, let out a piercing scream and fell to the floor in a dead faint.  At the sound, her family rushed into the room and saw this note on the screen:  DEAREST WIFE: JUST GOT CHECKED IN. EVERYTHING PREPARED FOR YOUR ARRIVAL TOMORROW.  P.S. SURE IS HOT DOWN HERE.  
I'm going to watch my wedding video later "backwards".    I love the end bit when she takes the ring off, goes back down the aisle and jumps in the car.
On their 25th wedding anniversary, a husband took his wife out to dinner. Their teenage daughters said they'd have dessert waiting for them when they returned.  After the couple got home, they saw that the dining room table was beautifully set with china, crystal and candles, and there was a note that read: "Your dessert is in the refrigerator. We are staying with friends, so go ahead and do something we wouldn't do!"  "I suppose," the husband responded, "we could vacuum."
A man was the first to arrive at work one morning. The phone rang and he answered. When the caller asked for some specific information, the man explained that it was before normal business hours but that he would help if he could.  "What's your job there?" the caller asked.  The man replied, "I'm the company president."  There was a pause. Then the caller said, "I'll call back later. I need to talk to someone who knows something about what's going on."
An old hillbilly farmer had a wife who nagged him unmercifully. From morning till night (and sometimes later), she was always complaining about something. The only time he got any relief was when he was out plowing with his old mule. He tried to plow a lot.  One day, when he was out plowing, his wife brought him lunch in the field. He drove the old mule into the shade, sat down on a stump, and began to eat his lunch. Immediately, his wife began haranguing him again. Complain, nag, nag; it just went on and on.  All of a sudden, the old mule lashed out with both hind feet; caught her smack in the back of the head. Killed her dead on the spot.  At the funeral several days later, the minister noticed something rather odd. When a woman mourner would approach the old farmer, he would listen for a minute, then nod his head in agreement; but when a man mourner approached him, he would listen for a minute, then shake his head in disagreement. This was so consistent, the minister decided to ask the old farmer about it.  So after the funeral, the minister spoke to the old farmer, and asked him why he nodded his head and agreed with the women, but always shook his head and disagreed with all the men.  The old farmer said: "Well, the women would come up and say something about how nice my wife looked, or how pretty her dress was, so I'd nod my head in agreement."  "And what about the men?" the minister asked.  "They all wanted to know if the mule was for sale."
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
4 surgeons were discussing who makes the best patients on the operating table.   The first surgeon says, "I like to see accountants on my operating table, because when you open them up, everything inside them is numbered."  The second responds, "You should try electricians! Everything inside them is color coded."  The third surgeon says, "No, I think librarians are the best, everything inside them is in alphabetical order."  The fourth surgeon shut them all up when he observed: "You're all wrong. Politicians are the easiest to operate on. There's no guts, no heart, and no spine, and the head and butt are interchangeable!"
When I lived in a dorm, one of the favorite intramural sports was water fights. Dousing and bombarding one another with water from squirt guns, glasses, balloons, even wastebaskets. Since each room had a sink, there was endless ammunition. The most frequent target was the Resident Assistant.  Approaching his room one afternoon, he noticed his door was ajar. Looking up, he saw a pail of water balanced on the door's edge, ready to fall on him. As he took down the pail and emptied it into his sink, he thought, "Those crazy guys actually thought they could fool me with that old gag!"  It was then he realized we'd removed the drainpipe beneath the sink.
Mildred, the church gossip, and self-appointed monitor of the church's morals, kept sticking her nose into other people's business.  Several members did not approve of her extra curricular activities, but feared her enough to maintain their silence.  She made a mistake, however, when she accused George, a new member, of being an alcoholic after she saw his old pickup parked in front of the town's only bar one afternoon.  She emphatically told George (and several others) that everyone seeing it there would know what he was doing.  George, a man of few words, stared at her for a moment and just turned and walked away.  He didn't explain, defend, or deny.  He said nothing.  Later that evening, George quietly parked his pickup in front of Mildred's house... walked home... and left it there all night.  You gotta love George. 
John to librarian: "l want the book named 'Psycho The Rapist'".  The librarian searched for 2 hrs, then came back, slapped John and said, "Idiot the book name is 'Psychotherapist'."
A dog ran into a butcher shop and grabbed a roast off the counter.  Fortunately, the butcher recognized the dog as belonging to a neighbor of his. The neighbor happened to be a lawyer.  Incensed by the theft, the butcher called up his neighbor and said, "If your dog stole a roast from my butcher shop, would you be liable for the cost of the meat?"  The lawyer replied, "Of course. How much was the roast?"  "$7.98," said the butcher.  A few days later, the butcher received a check in the mail for $7.98. Attached to it was an invoice that read, Legal Consultation Service: $150.
A trucker came into a truck stop cafe and placed his order. He said, "I want three flat tires, a pair of headlights and a pair of running boards."  The brand new blonde waitress, not wanting to appear stupid, went to the kitchen and said to the cook, "This guy out there just ordered three flat tires, a pair of headlights and a pair of running boards. What does he think this place is ... an auto parts store?"  "No," the cook said. "Three flats tires means three pancakes, a pair of headlights is two eggs sunny side up, and running boards are 2 slices crisp bacon."  "Oh, OK!" said the blonde. She thought about it for a moment and then spooned up a bowl of beans and gave it to the customer.  The trucker asked, "What are the beans for, Blondie?"  She replied, "I thought while you were waiting for the flat tires, headlights and running boards, you might as well gas up." 
A 92 year-old man went to the Doctor to get a physical. A few days later the Doctor saw the man walking down the street with a gorgeous young lady on his arm.  A couple of days later the Doctor talked to the man and said, "You're really doing great, aren't you?"  The man replied, "Just doing what you said, Doctor. Get a hot mamma and be cheerful."  The Doctor replied, "I didn't say that. I said, You got a heart murmur. Be careful."  
At school, Little Johnny's classmate tells him that most adults are hiding at least one dark secret, so it's very easy to blackmail them by saying, "I know the whole truth." Little Johnny decides to go home and try it out.  Johnny's mother greets him at home, and he tells her, "I know the whole truth." His mother quickly hands him $20 and says, "Just don't tell your father." Quite pleased, the boy waits for his father to get home from work, and greets him with, "I know the whole truth." The father promptly hands him $20 and says, "Please don't say a word to your mother."   Very pleased, the boy is on his way to school the next day when he sees the mailman at his front door. The boy greets him by saying, "I know the whole truth." The mailman immediately drops the mail, opens his arms, and says, "Then come give your Daddy a great big hug!"
Three men were discussing aging on the steps of the nursing home. "Sixty is the worst age to be," announced the sixty-year-old. "You always feel like you have to pee. And most of the time, you stand at the toilet and nothing comes out!"   "Ah, that's nothing," said the seventy-year-old. "When you're seventy, you can't take a crap anymore. You take laxatives, eat bran - you sit on the toilet all day and nothing comes out!"   "Actually," said the eighty-year-old, "Eighty is the worst age of all."   "Do you have trouble peeing too?", asked the sixty-year-old.   "No ... not really. I pee every morning at 6 AM. I usually pee like a racehorse - no problem at all."   "Do you have trouble taking a crap?", asked the seventy-year-old.   "No, not really. I have a great bowel movement every morning at 6:30."   With great exasperation, the sixty-year-old said, "Let me get this straight. You pee every morning at six o'clock and take a crap every morning at six thirty. What's so tough about being eighty?"   To which the eighty-year-old replied, "I don't wake up until ten."
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
I spotted several pairs of men’s Levi’s at a garage sale. They were sizes 30, 31, and 32, but I was looking for size 33. So I asked the owner if he had a pair. He shook his head.  “I’m still wearing the 33s,” he said. “Come back next year.”
A snail goes to buy a car and looks at several models. He looks a the z car, an x car and an s car. He decides to buy the s car. Now when he drives down the street everyone says look at that s car go!
Girl friend (whilst having a romantic dinner at a restaurant): "Say something which spurs my heart-beat" Boy-Friend: "I forgot to bring any money" 
Did you ever notice when you put the two words "The" and "IRS" together, it spells "THEIRS"?  
Two roaches were munching on garbage in an alley when one engages a discussion about a new restaurant.  "I was in that new restaurant across the street," said one. "It's so clean! The kitchen is spotless, and the floors are gleaming white. There is no dirt anywhere. It's so sanitary that the whole place shines."  "Please," said the other roach frowning. "Not while I'm eating!"
A woman, a manager and his assistant are sitting together in a train. Suddenly, the train goes through a tunnel, and as luck would have it, the lights go out and it's completely dark.  Then there's this kissing noise and the sound of a loud slap. When the train comes out of the tunnel, the woman and the assistant are sitting as if nothing has happened and the manager has his hand against his face, which is red from an apparent slap.  The manager is thinking, "My assistant must have kissed the woman and she missed him and slapped me instead."  The woman is thinking, "The manager must have tried to kiss me and actually kissed his assistant and got slapped for it."  And the assistant is thinking, "This is great. The next time the train goes through a tunnel, I'll make another kissing noise and slap my boss again!"
My wife asked me to buy ORGANIC vegetables from the market. I went and looked around and couldn't find any. So I grabbed an old, tired looking employee and said, "These vegetables are for my wife. Have they been sprayed with any poisonous chemicals?"  The produce guy looked at me and said, "No. You'll have to do that yourself."
A drunk phoned police to report that thieves had been in his car. "They've stolen the dashboard, the steering wheel, the brake pedal, even the accelerator!" he cried out.  However, before the police investigation could start, the phone rang a second time with the same voice came over the line. "Never mind," he said with a hiccup, "I got in the back seat by mistake."
Having a rough day?  Just in case you've had a rough day, here's a stress management technique recommended in all the latest psychological texts. The funny thing is that it really works.  1. Picture yourself near a stream. 2. Birds are softly chirping in the cool mountain air. 3. No one but you knows your secret place. 4. You are in total seclusion from the hectic place called "the world,". 5. The soothing sound of a gentle waterfall fills the air with a cascade of serenity. 6. The water is crystal clear. 7. You can easily make out the face of the person you're holding underwater. 8. See, you're smiling already.
An Elderly couple was celebrating their 60th anniversary. The couple had married as childhood sweethearts and had moved back to their old neighborhood after they retired. Holding hands, they walked back to their old school. It was not locked, so they entered, and found the old desk they'd shared where Andy had carved 'I love you, Sally.'   On their way back home , a bag of money fell out of an armored car, practically landing at their feet. Sally quickly picked it up, but not sure what to do with it, they took it home. There, she counted the money: fifty-thousand dollars!   Andy said, "We've got to give it back,"   Sally said, "Finders keepers."   So she put the money back in the bag and hid it in their attic. The next day, two FBI men were canvassing the neighborhood looking for the money and knocked on the door. "Pardon me, but did either of you find a bag that fell out of an armored car yesterday?"  Sally said, "No."   Andy said, "She's lying. She hid it up in the attic."  Sally said, "Don't believe him, he's getting senile."   The agents turn to Andy and began to question him. One says, "Tell us the story from the beginning."  Andy said, "Well, when Sally and I were walking home from school yesterday..."  The first FBI guy turns to his partner and says, "We're outta here...."
An explosion occurs in a gunpowder factory. Once all the mess has been cleared up, the inquiry begins. One of the few survivors is brought in to make a statement. "Okay Simpson," says the investigator, "you were near the scene, what happened?"  "Well, it's like this. Old Charley Higgins was in the mixing room, and I saw him take a cigarette out of his pocket and light up."  "He was smoking in the mixing room?" the investigator said in stunned horror. "How long had he been with the company?"  "About 20 years, sir."  "Twenty years in the company, then he goes and strikes a match in the mixing room. I'd have thought it would have been the last thing he'd have done."  "Well... it was, sir."
On the base a Private First Class (PFC) was working in the car repair shop. The phone rang. He answered. The man on the phone asked, "When will my car be fixed?"   The PFC replied, "Can't talk now I am working on some annoying General's car."  The man asked, "Do you know who this is?"  "No."  "This is the ANNOYING GENERAL!"  The PFC quickly asked, "Well, do you know who this is?"  "No."  "Good, goodbye!"
A ham and cheese sandwich walks into bar and asks for a drink.  Bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
Mildred, the church gossip, and self-appointed monitor of the church's morals, kept sticking her nose into other people's business. Several members did not approve of her extra curricular activities, but feared her enough to maintain their silence.  She made a mistake, however, when she accused George, a new member, of being an alcoholic after she saw his old pickup parked in front of the town's only bar one afternoon. She emphatically told George (and several others) that everyone seeing it there would know what he was doing.  George, a man of few words, stared at her for a moment and just turned and walked away. He didn't explain, defend, or deny. He said nothing. Later that evening, George quietly parked his pickup in front of Mildred's house... walked home... and le ft it there all night.  You gotta love George. 
A husband walks into the bedroom holding two aspirin and a glass of water.   His wife asks, "What's that for?"  "It's for your headache."  "I don't have a headache."  He replies, "Gotcha!" 
The young and not so bright new pilot was learning to fly a helicopter. After two hours of great flying, she crashed.  When asked by crash investigator what happened, she said, "I got cold so I turned off the fan."    
I don't suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it.  I work hard because millions on welfare depend on me!  I used to have a handle on life, but it broke.  Don't take life too seriously; No one gets out alive.  You're just jealous because the voices only talk to me.  Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.  Earth is the insane asylum for the universe.  I'm not a complete idiot. Some parts are missing.  Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.  NyQuil, the stuffy, sneezy, why-the-heck-is-the-room-spinning medicine.  God must love stupid people; He made so many.  The gene pool could use a little chlorine.  Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.  Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?  Being "over the hill" is much better than being under it!  Procrastinate Now!  I have a degree in liberal arts; do you want fries with that?  A hangover is the wrath of grapes.  A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.  Stupidity is not a handicap. Park elsewhere!  He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.  A picture is worth a thousand words, but it uses up three thousand times the memory.  Ham and eggs. A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment  for a pig.  The original point and click interface was a Smith and Wesson.  Make your words sweet & tender today, for tomorrow you may have to eat them. 
A father sends a small boy to bed. Five minutes later.... "Da-ad...." "What?" "I'm thirsty. Can you bring drink of water?" "No. You had your chance. Lights out." Five minutes later: "Da-aaaad....." "WHAT?" "I'm THIRSTY. Can I have a drink of water??" "I told you NO!" If you ask again, I'll have to spank you!!" Five minutes later......"Daaaa-aaaad....." "WHAT!" "When you come in to spank me, can you bring a drink of water?" 
Johnny’s Father asked for the password to our Wi-Fi. “It’s taped under the modem,” I told him.  After three failed attempts to log on, he asked, “Am I spelling this right?  T-A-P-E-D-U-N-D-E-R-T-H-E-M-O-D-E-M
In one small rural town the sheriff also fulfilled the role of the town's veterinarian. One night the phone rang, and his wife answered.   An agitated voice inquired, "Is your husband there?"  "He is, but tell me, do you need him as the sheriff or the vet?" the wife asked.  "Both!" was the reply. "We can't get our dog's mouth open, and there's a burglar in it!"
Don’t get upset if I ask you where something is in Target when you choose to wear a red shirt and khakis to shop.
Sleep.  I don't get it either.
I would like to share an experience with you about drinking and driving.  As you well know, some of us have been lucky not to have had brushes with the authorities on our way home from various social sessions over the years.  A couple of nights ago, I was out for a few drinks with some friends and had a few too many beers and then topped it off with a margarita. Not a good idea. Knowing full well I was at least slightly over the limit, I did something I've never done before: I took a taxi home.  Sure enough I passed a police road block but because it was a taxi, they waved it past. I arrived home safely without incident, which was a real surprise  I have never driven a taxi before and am not sure exactly where I got it.
If money doesn't grow on trees, then why do we call places to put money in 'Branches'?
One night, a wife found her husband standing over their baby's crib. Silently she watched him. As he stood looking down at the sleeping infant, she saw on his face a mixture of emotions: disbelief, doubt, delight, amazement, enchantment, even skepticism.   Touched by this unusual display and the deep emotions it aroused, with eyes glistening she slipped her arm around her husband. "A penny for your thoughts," she said.  "It's amazing!" he replied. "I just can't see how anybody can make a crib like that for only $67.50." 
One day a man is walking down the street when he sees an old man with a nice looking dog. He goes over to the man and asks, "Does your dog bite?" the old man replies "No never". When the man bends down to stroke the dog, it immediately takes a snap at his hand. The man says, "I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!", "I did" replies the old man, "But this isn't my dog!'.
Four expectant fathers were in a Minnesota hospital waiting room while their wives were in labor.  The nurse comes in and tells the first man, "Congratulations, You're the father of twins."  "What a coincidence!" the man exclaims.  "I work for the Minnesota Twins baseball team!"  The nurse returns a short while later and tells the second man, "You are the father of triplets."  "Wow, what a coincidence!" he replies.  "I work for the 3M Corporation."  When the nurse comes again, she tells the third man that his wife has given birth to quadruplets.  "Another coincidence!" he tells her. "I work for the Four Seasons Hotel!"  At this point, the fourth guy faints.  When he comes to, the others ask him what was wrong.  He moans, "I work for Seven-Eleven!"
What kind of shorts do clouds wear?  Thunderwear !!!
What would you call something that cleans vacuums?   "Vacuum Cleaner" is already taken.
One of my job responsibilities is to input employee self-evaluations.    There was a junior manager's self-evaluation, which said in part, "I have been on the job for three months, and I finally feel as if I've accomplished something."  I made one mistake, however. I replaced the word 'job' with 'John'.  
Hearing his wife as she sings, the husband says, "You know dear, when you sing like that I just wish you were on the radio."  The wife smiles and replies, "Wow honey, you think I am that good?"  "No, but at least that way I can change the station or turn it off."
My wife and I went to a "Dude Ranch" while in Texas.  The cowboy preparing the horses asked if she wanted a Western or English saddle, and she asked what the difference was. He told her one had a horn and one didn't.  "Well," she replied, "the one without the horn is fine. I don't expect we'll run into too much traffic."
A. Know that although the cat has the advantage of quickness and lack of concern for human life, you have the advantage of strength.  Capitalize on that advantage by selecting the battlefield. Don't try to bathe him in an open area where he can force you to chase him. Pick a very small bathroom. If your bathroom is more than four feet square, I recommend that you get in the tub with the cat and close the sliding-glass doors as if you were about to take a shower. (A simple shower curtain will not do. A berserk cat can shred a three-ply rubber shower curtain quicker than a politician can shift positions.)  B. Know that a cat has claws and will not hesitate to remove all the skin from your body. Your advantage here is that you are smart and know how to dress to protect yourself.  I recommend canvas overalls tucked into high-top construction boots, a pair of steel-mesh gloves, an army helmet, a hockey face-mask, and a long-sleeved flak jacket.  C. Use the element of surprise. Pick up your cat nonchalantly, as if to simply carry him to his supper dish. (Cats will not usually notice your strange attire. They have little or no interest in fashion as a rule.)  D. Once you are inside the bathroom, speed is essential to survival. In a single liquid motion, shut the bathroom door, step into the tub enclosure, slide the glass door shut, dip the cat in the water and squirt him with shampoo.  You have begun one of the wildest 45 seconds of your life.  E. Cats have no handles. Add the fact that he now has soapy fur, and the problem is radically compounded. Do not expect to hold on to him for more than two or three seconds at a time. When you have him, however, you must remember to give him another squirt of shampoo and rub like crazy. He'll then spring free and fall back into the water, thereby rinsing himself off. (The national record for cats is three latherings, so don't expect too much.)  F. Next, the cat must be dried. Novice cat bathers always assume this part will be the most difficult, for humans generally are worn out at this point and the cat is just getting really determined. In fact, the drying is simple compared with what you have just been through. That's because by now the cat is semi-permanently affixed to your right leg. You simply pop the drain plug with your foot, reach for your towel and wait. (Occasionally, however, the cat will end up clinging to the top of your army helmet. If this happens, the best thing you can do is to shake him loose and to encourage him toward your leg.) After all the water is drained from the tub, it is a simple matter to just reach down and dry the cat.  In a few days the cat will relax enough to be removed from your leg. He will usually have nothing to say for about three weeks and will spend a lot of time sitting with his back to you. He might even become psychoceramic and develop the fixed stare of a plaster figurine. You will be tempted to assume he is angry. This isn't usually the case. As a rule he is simply plotting ways to get through your defenses and injure you for life the next time you decide to give him a bath. But at least now he smells a lot better.
Two gas company servicemen, a senior training supervisor and a young trainee, were out checking meters in a suburban neighborhood. They parked their truck at the end of the alley and worked their way to the other end.   At the last house a woman looking out her kitchen window watched the two men as they checked her gas meter. Finishing the meter check, the senior supervisor challenged his younger coworker to a foot race down the alley back to the truck to prove that an older guy could outrun a younger one.   As they came running up to the truck, they realized the lady from that last house was huffing and puffing right behind them. They stopped and asked her what was wrong.   Gasping for breath, she replied, "When I see two gas men running as hard as you two were, I figured I'd better run too!"
George Washington was such a great president.  He never blamed any of the country's problems on the previous administration.
One of my daughter's wedding presents was a toaster oven.   Soon after the honeymoon, she and her husband tried it out.  Almost immediately, smoke billowed out of the toaster.  "Get the owner's manual!" my daughter's husband shouted.  "I can't find it anywhere!" cried my daughter a short time later.  "Oops!" came a voice from the kitchen.  "Well, the toast is fine, but the owner's manual's burned to a crisp."
I found my girlfriends debit card in the freezer today, I guess you can say her accounts were frozen.
What Pokémon would you catch in Rio De Janeiro?  Zikachu.
Faced with hard times, the company offered a bonus of one thousand dollars to any employee who could come up with a way of saving money.  The bonus went to a young woman in accounting who suggested limiting future bonuses to ten dollars.
The California D.O.T found over 200 dead crows on the highways recently and there was concern that they may have died from Avian Flu. A Pathologist examined the remains of all the crows, and, to everyone's relief, confirmed the problem was NOT Avian Flu. The cause of death appeared to be from vehicular impacts. However, during analysis it was noted that varying colors of paints appeared on the bird's beaks and claws. By analyzing these paint residues it was found that 98% of the crows had been killed by impact with motorbikes, while only 2% were killed by cars.  The Agency then hired an Ornithological Behaviorist to determine if there was a cause for the disproportionate percentages of motorbike kills versus car kills. The Ornithological Behaviorist quickly concluded that when crows eat road kill, they always have a look-out crow to warn of danger. They discovered that while all the lookout crows could shout "Cah!", not a single one could shout "Bike!".
Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer from the agony of defeat.
Thou shalt not jump onto the keyboard when thy human is on the modem.  Thou shalt not pull the phone cord out of the back of the modem.  Thou shalt not unroll all of the toilet paper off the roll.  Thou shalt not sit in front of the television or monitor as thou are transparent.  Thou shalt not projectile vomit from the top of the refrigerator.  Thou shalt not walk in on a dinner party and commence licking thy butt.  Thou shalt not lie down with thy butt in thy human's face.  Thou shalt not leap from great heights onto thy human's genital region.  Fast as thou are, thou cannot run through closed doors.  Thou shalt not reset thy human's alarm clock by walking on it.  Thou shalt not climb on the garbage can with the hinged lid, as thou wilt fall in and trap thyself.  Thou shalt not jump onto the toilet seat just as thy human is sitting down.  Thou shalt not jump onto thy sleeping human's bladder at 4 a.m.  Thou shalt realize that the house is not a prison from which to escape at any opportunity.  Thou shalt not trip thy humans even if they are walking too slow.  Thou shalt not push open the bathroom door when there are guests in thy house.  Thou shalt remember that thou are a carnivore and that houseplants are not meat.  Thou shalt show remorse when being scolded.
Corduroy pillows are making headlines.  Every morning is the dawn of a new error.  Dijon vu -- the same mustard as before.  When two egotists meet, it's an I for an I.  What's the definition of a will? (Come on, it's a dead giveaway!)  A backwards poet writes inverse.  He had a photographic memory that was never developed.  If a clock is hungry does it go back four seconds?  The short fortuneteller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large.  Acupuncture is a jab well done.  Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocain during a root canal?  He wanted to transcend dental medication.  Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.  A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.  If you don't pay your exorcist, will you get repossessed?  Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana.  Without geometry, life is pointless.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.   
A cowboy rode into town and stopped at a saloon for a drink. Unfortunately, the locals always had a habit of picking on strangers, which he was. When he finished his drink, he found his horse had been stolen. He went back into the bar, handily flipped his gun into the air, caught it above his head without even looking and fired a shot into the ceiling.   "Which one of you sidewinders stole my horse?" he yelled with surprising forcefulness.   No one answered.   "Alright, I'm gonna have another beer, and if my horse ain't back outside by the time I finish, I'm gonna do what I dun in Texas! And I don't like to have to do what I dun in Texas!"   Some of the locals shifted restlessly. The man, true to his word, had another beer, walked outside, and his horse has been returned to the post. He saddled up and started to ride out of town.   The bartender wandered out of the bar and asked, "Say partner, before you go what happened in Texas?"   The cowboy turned back and said, "I had to walk home."
A scientist tells a pharmacist, "Give me some prepared tablets of acetylsalicylic."  "Do you mean aspirin?" ask the pharmacist.  The scientist slaps his forehead. "That's it!" he says. i can never remember the name."
COLLEGE MATHEMATICS EXAM PAPER  INSTRUCTIONS: ATTEMPT ALL QUESTIONS. ALL QUESTIONS CARRY EQUAL MARKS.  You have dated a girl for 2 years, eventually she drops you for another guy. Calculate the percentage of time wasted. (20 marks)  You bought a phone for your girlfriend and she gave it to another guy. Using trigonometric identities, derive a general formula for this type of love. (20 marks)  (For Boys) You’re dating around 15 girls and every girl is demanding for a Samsung Galaxy and an iPhone 6s.  (a) Plot a graph of girls against prices of phones. (15 marks)  (b) Use your graph to estimate your future poverty. (5 marks)  You are dating other peoples’ sisters yet you don’t want to see any guy with your sister. Calculate the Percentage Error in your thinking capacity. (20 marks)  You are a civil servant, your wife is a petty trader, your combined household income is less than $500. Your daughter who is awaiting result is using iPhone 6s and Samsung Galaxy both worth $2,000. Calculate the Percentage of your Parental Negligence. (20 marks)  (For girls) You’re a girl and you have dated 20 guys with hard labor, use the law of diminishing return to calculate the substance that will be left for your husband to enjoy. (20 marks)  You can’t give your wife $15 for a pot of soup, but you spend over $100 in bars and restaurants. Calculate the radius of your ‘stupidity’, take p=3.142. (20 marks)  GOOD LUCK!
An Irish woman of advanced age visited her physician to ask for his help in reviving her husband’s libido.  “What about trying Viagra?” asks the doctor. “It really works.”  “Not a chance,” says she. “He won’t even take an aspirin.”  “No problem,” replied the doctor. “Give him an ‘Irish Viagra.’ It’s when you drop the Viagra tablet into his coffee. He won’t even taste it. Give it a try and call me in a week to let me know how things went.”  It wasn’t a week later that she called the doctor, who directly inquired as to progress. The poor dear exclaimed, “Oh, faith, T’was horrid! Just terrible, doctor!”  “Really? What happened?” he asked.  “Well, I did as you advised and slipped it in his coffee and the effect was almost immediate! He jumped straight up, with a twinkle in his eye, and with his pants a-bulging fiercely! With one swoop of his arm, he sent the cups and tablecloth flying, ripped me clothes to tatters and took me then and there, making wild, mad, passionate love to me on the tabletop! It was a nightmare, I tell you, an absolute nightmare!”  “I don’t understand,” said the doctor. “Do you mean the sex your husband provided wasn’t good”?  “Oh, no, no, no, doctor! The sex was fine indeed! ‘Twas the best sex I’ve had in 25 years! But sure as I’m sittin’ here, I’ll never be able to show me face in Starbucks again!”
Question: Why did the police take the woman with insomnia to jail?  Answer: Because she kept resisting a rest. 
First man: I wonder how long a person can live without a brain?  Second man: How old are you?
Sometimes I like to tuck my knees to my chest and lean forward.  That's just how I roll.
A little boy came home with his parents from church one Sunday. He seemed a little depressed, so his mother asked him if something happened in Sunday school class that he would like to talk about.  He told his mother “Well, we were singing songs and the teacher made us sing about a poor bear named Gladly that needed glasses and I can’t stop thinking about him. She said he was cross-eyed and I feel bad for him.  The mother couldn’t understand why the teacher would teach such a song in Sunday school, so she decided to call her.  To the woman’s amazement, the teacher said she only taught hymns that morning. Then the teacher began laughing out loud and said to the mother, “I know what Jeffrey’s’ talking about! We learned the hymn ‘Gladly The Cross I’d Bear'”. 
Three old ladies are sitting in a diner, chatting about various things. One lady says, "You know, I'm getting really forgetful. This morning, I was standing at the top of the stairs, and I couldn't remember whether I had just come up or was about to go down." The second lady says, "You think that's bad? The other day, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I couldn't remember whether I was going to bed or had just woken up!" The third lady smiles smugly. "Well, my memories just as good as it's always been, knock on wood." She raps the table. With a startled look on her face, she asks, "Who's there?!" 
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Hunting was a big disappointment this past weekend. After exiting the main road my navigation device said, "Bear left", so I just went home. 
The barbershop was crowded, so the woman at the cash register offered to put my name on the waiting list.  “What is it?” she asked.  “Stephen, with a P-H,” I said.  Minutes later, a chair opened up, and his name was called….."Pheven"?
A man had been in a meeting that lasted all afternoon and as he walked out, he was tired and just wanted to go home. He reached into his coat pocket and realized his car keys were missing. He looked around but could not find his keys. He went outside to look in the car and discovered his car was gone too.  His car had been stolen. So he called the police, they came and took a report, and then the man called his wife to see if she would be able to come pick him up. She answered the phone and he told her the upsetting news. "Honey, you’re not going to believe this but my car was stolen while I was in the meeting."  There was a long pause, "I dropped you off at your meeting today. I have the car!" she said.  "Oh, that's right! I can't believe I forgot that. I'm glad the car is okay. Well, will you still come back and pick me up?"  She said, "Yes, of course I will. As soon as I convince this cop the car is not stolen."
A pessimist is someone who, when opportunity knocks, complains about the noise. 
One morning, while shaving, a fellow started cursing and swearing so loudly it attracted the attention of his wife, who was preparing breakfast in the kitchen.   "What's the matter?" she called out.   "My razor -- it won't cut!" he answered.  "Don't be silly, dear!" she declared. "You mean to tell me your beard is tougher than linoleum?"
My high school English teacher was well known for being a fair, but hard, grader. One day I received a B minus on a theme paper. In hopes of bettering my grade and in the spirit of the valentine season, I sent her an extravagant heart shaped box of chocolates with the pre-printed inscription, “BE MINE.”   The following day, I received a return valentine from the teacher. It read, “Thank you, but it’s still a BE MINE-US.”
My boss texted me, "Send me one of your funny jokes, Pete."  I replied, "I'm working at the moment, Sir, I will send you one later."  He replied, "That was fantastic, send me another one."
The other day I was at the Barber Shop when a guy stuck his head into the shop and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?"  The barber looked around the shop full of customers and said, "About 2 hours."  The guy left.  A few days later the same guy stuck his head in the door and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?"  The barber looked around at the shop and said, "About 3 hours."  The guy left.  A week later the same guy stuck his head into the shop and asked, "How long before I can get a haircut?"  The barber looked around the shop and said, "About an hour only."  The guy left.  The barber turned to me and said, "Hey, Phil, do me a favor.  Follow that guy and see where he goes.  He keeps asking how long he has to wait for a haircut, but then he doesn't ever come back."  A little while later, I returned to the shop, laughing hysterically.  The barber asked, "So where does that guy go when he leaves?"  I looked up, tears in my eyes from the laughter and said, "To your house!" 
Tired of being broke and stuck in an unhappy marriage, a young husband decides to solve both problems by taking out a large insurance policy on his wife, with himself as beneficiary, and arranging to have her killed.  A "friend of a friend" put him in touch with a nefarious underworld figure that went by the name of "Artie." Artie explained to the husband that his going price for snuffing out a spouse was $5,000.  The husband said he was willing to pay that amount but he wouldn't have any cash on hand until he could collect his wife's insurance money. Artie insisted on being paid something up front. The man opened up his wallet, displaying a single dollar bill that rested inside.  Artie sighed, rolled his eyes, and reluctantly agreed to accept the dollar as down payment for the dirty deed.  A few days later, Artie followed the man's wife into the local Safeway grocery store. There he surprised her in the produce department and proceeded to strangle her with his gloved hands. As the poor unsuspecting woman drew her last breath and slumped to the floor, the manager of the produce department stumbled onto the scene.  Unwilling to leave any witnesses behind, Artie had no choice but to strangle the produce manager as well. Unknown to Artie, the entire proceedings was captured by hidden cameras and observed by the store's security guard, who immediately called the police.  Artie was caught and arrested before he could leave the store.  Under intense questioning at the police station, Artie revealed the sordid plan, including his financial arrangements with the hapless husband. And that is why the next day in the newspaper, the headlines declared:  "ARTIE CHOKES TWO FOR A DOLLAR AT SAFEWAY" 
Yo momma so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number!
What did the guy say after he fell in a box of seaweed?  "Kelp Me! Kelp Me!"
Little Nancy was in the garden filling in a hole when her neighbor peered over the fence. Interested in what the cheeky-faced youngster was up to, he politely asked, "What are you doing there, Nancy?"  "My goldfish died," replied Nancy tearfully without looking up, "and I've just buried him."  The neighbor was very concerned. "That's an awfully big hole for a goldfish, isn't it?"  Nancy patted down the last heap of dirt then replied, "That's because he's inside your cat." 
What type of clothes do ghost wear?  BOO JEANS
Mr. Jones is on a business trip and has bought some fish to bring home to his wife.  The fish was very expensive, so Mr. Jones decides to hide it until the next day, when he would leave the hotel. The fish is well-packaged in multiple layers of paper, so Mr. Jones hides it between the leaves of a rather large plant in his room.   On the day of his departure, Mr. Jones oversleeps and has to hastily pack all his stuff in order to catch his train. He, of course, forgets the fish. Embarrassed about his mishap, he doesn't tell the hotel when he finds out.  Two weeks later, he gets a message from the hotel that says: "Dear Mr. Jones ... all is forgiven. Just tell us ... where is it?!?!"  
Yesterday, scientists revealed that beer contains small traces of female hormones. To prove their theory, the scientists fed 100 men 12 pints of beer and observed that 100% of them gained weight, talked excessively without making sense, became emotional, couldn't drive, and refused to apologize when wrong.   No further testing is planned...
Last week our police station was broken into and the commode was stolen from the rest room.  Yesterday the police reported that the investigation is ongoing but they still have nothing to go on.
Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused his dentist's Novocain during root canal work?  He wanted to transcend-dental medication. 
A retired couple are discussing all aspects of their future. The man asked the woman, "What will you do if die?"  After some thought, she said that she'd probably look for a house sharing situation with three other single or widowed women who might be a little younger than herself, since she is so active for her age.   Then she inquired, "What will you do if I die first?"  He replied, "Probably the same thing."
The other day, Nancy and I got into some petty argument. (I say it was petty. She would have said it was Armageddon.) As is our nature, neither of us would admit the possibility that we might be in error.  To her credit, Nancy finally said, "Look. I'll tell you what. I'll admit I'm wrong if you admit I was right."  "Fine." I said.  She took a deep breath, looked me in the eye and said, "I'm wrong."  I grinned and replied, "You're right."
ALWAYS GIVE 100% AT WORK:       * 12%  Monday       * 23%  Tuesday       * 40%  Wednesday       * 20%  Thursday       *  5%  Friday  FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION! It comes bundled with the software.  I want to die while asleep like my Grandfather, not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car.  I can't dial 911. There's no 11 on my phone.  I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was, "Always".  What is a free gift? Aren't all gifts free?  Can you yell "MOVIE!" in a crowded fire station?  It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.  HARD WORK WILL PAY OFF LATER. LAZINESS PAYS OFF NOW!  To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question... or  is it?  Sometimes I wake up grumpy. Other times I let her sleep.  I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.  Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.  Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.  If women can have PMS, then why can't men have ESPN?  The latest survey shows that three out of four people make up 75% of the population.  A FOOL AND HIS MONEY can throw a great party.  REMEMBER, HALF THE PEOPLE IN THE COUNTRY ARE BELOW AVERAGE.  What happens if you get scared half to death twice?  If you run out of sick days, call in dead.  "I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it"
A couple are rushing into the hospital because the wife is going into labor. As they walk, a doctor says to them that he has invented a machine that splits the pain between the mother and father. They agree to it and are led into a room where they get hooked up to the machine.   The doctor starts it off at 20% split towards the father. The wife says, "Oh, that's actually better." The husband says he can't feel anything.   Then the doctor turns it to 50% and the wife says that it doesn't hurt nearly as much. The husband says he sill can't feel anything.   The Doctor, now encouraged, turns it up to 100%. The husband still can't feel anything, and the wife is really happy, because there is now no pain for her. The baby is born.  The couple goes home only to find the postman groaning in pain on the doorstep.
The crocodile walked into a trendy menswear store, approached the assistant and asked, "Do you have any shirts with pictures of people on the pocket?"
A police officer arrives at the scene of an accident, in which a car smashed into a tree.   The cop rushes over to the vehicle and asks the driver, "Are you seriously hurt?"  "How should I know?" the man answers, "I'm not a lawyer!"
After having a great time with his girlfriend, a young man saw a guy’s photo in her bag and asked, "Is he your ex?"  The girlfriend kissed him and said, "No dear, that's me before surgery."  
The newly-married husband came home from the office to find his young wife in floods of tears.  "Darling, whatever is the matter?" he asked.  "Sweetheart," she sobbed, "the most terrible thing has happened! I cooked my very first Beef Bourguignon for you, and I got it out of the oven to season it, and the phone rang. When I came back from answering the phone, I found that the cat had eaten it!"  "Don't worry, darling," said her husband. "Don't cry. We can get a new cat tomorrow."
What do you call a dentist in the army?  A drill sergeant!
At the end of the college year, a star football player celebrated by attending a late night campus party. Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many any "potential dates" at the party.  "Oh, I'm much more attracted to the strong academic types than to the party animals," she said.  "What's your G.P.A.?"  Grinning from ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about 25 in the city and 40 on the highway."   
Back in the day of open cockpits and stunt planes, an elderly couple went every year to the State Fair.  Poppa always wanted to fly in the stunt plane, but mamma would always tell him no. "Ten dollars is ten dollars, we don't have that kind of money to waste," she would always say.   Each year was the same.  One year, the stunt pilot heard poppa ask mamma if they could go up because they weren't getting any younger.  The pilot told them he would not charge them the ten dollars if he took them up and he did not hear a word from either of them.  Mamma agreed to the arrangement.    The pilot did not spare the spins and rolls.  When he landed, he turned to poppa to tell him how proud he was of them, because they didn't open their mouths.  He was shocked to find mamma was not in the plane.  "Where's mamma?" he asked emphatically.   "Oh, she fell out."    "Why didn't you say anything?"  "Because, ten dollars is ten dollars."
A Roman walks up to a bar, holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please."
I hate it when you offer someone a sincere compliment on their mustache, and suddenly she's not your friend anymore.
"This house," said the real estate salesperson, "has both its good points and its bad points.  To show you I'm honest, I'm going to tell you about both. The disadvantages are that there is a chemical plant one block south and a slaughterhouse a block north."  "What are the advantages?" inquired the prospective buyer.  "The advantage is that you can always tell which way the wind is blowing." 
If Jimmie cracked corn and no one cared, then why did they write a song about it?
Teacher decides to teach the class logic. She asks the class if there were three birds on a telegraph wire and the farmer fired his gun at them, how many birds would be left?  Little Jane said two miss, that's good.  Little Mary said three because he missed, that's good.  Now Little Johnny at the back of the class said there were none miss because the noise of the gun would frighten them away.  That's very good Johnie said the teacher, I like the way you are thinking.  Little Johnny said to the teacher, can I ask you a question miss? Yes of course you can, the teacher replied.  If there were three ladies walking along the beach and each one had an ice cream. One was licking it, one was biting it and one was sucking it, which one was married?  Well said the teacher, I suppose it was the one that was sucking it.  Wrong miss, it was the one with the wedding ring but I like the way you were thinking.
GOLF, n.  (1) a game that consists of a lot of walking, broken up by disappointment and bad arithmetic.  (2) a game of opposites - the world's slowest people are ahead of you, and the fastest are behind.  (3) a colorful sport that keeps you on the green, in the pink, and financially in the red.  (4) a game which is allowed to be played on Sunday (under blue laws) because it was not considered a game by the law, but a form of moral effort.  (5) a game a lot like taxation - you drive hard to get to the green, and then you find yourself in a hole.     GOLF CART, n.  (1) A popular mode of transportation because, unlike a caddie, it can neither count, criticize, nor snicker.     GOLFER, n.  (1) a person who yells "fore," takes six, and puts down five;  (2) a guy who has the advantage over a fisherman - he doesn't have to bring home anything when he brags he had a great day. 
A police officer pulls over a car in the middle of the night:  "Sir, do you realize how badly your car was swerving between lanes?"  "I've had 8 drinks, officer."  "That's still no excuse to let your wife drive."
A priest and a cab driver went to heaven.  The priest was given fifty bags of gold and a nice house.  The cab driver was given the same but also a boat, a lake and a box of diamonds.  The priest asked St. Peter, "Hey I was a priest, how come I don't get a box of diamonds or a lake or a boat?"  St. Peter said, "We go by results. During your sermons people slept, during his cab rides people prayed."
Two men are sitting in a restaurant bar at the top of a skyscraper. After each had a few drinks, one says to the other, ”I bet you didn’t know about the updrafts between these skyscrapers. They are so strong, you could jump and the wind will lift you right back where you started.”  The other guy said, “Nah, I find that hard to believe.”  The first said, “It’s true!  I’ll prove it. Let’s go out to the balcony.”  They both walk to the balcony and the first guy jumps the rail. After a few seconds, a loud whooshing sound is heard and sure enough, the first guy lands back on the balcony.  The second guy just stares for a while, then looks over the side to see if there was a platform or net. “This has to be some kind of trick.”  The first guy says, “No really, it works!” To prove it, he once again jumps the rail and the same thing happens. “You try it!”  The second guy jumps over the rail and falls the many stories to the pavement below.  The first guy goes back in a sits at the bar.  The bartender walks over, delivers another drink and says, “Wow! You’re really mean when you get drunk, Superman!” 
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean?  Bob!  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the leaf pile?  Russell!  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the hot tub?  Stu!  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs on the wall?  Art!  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in front of your door?  Matt!  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in your mailbox?  Bill!  What do you call a man (or a woman) with no arms and no legs on the grill?  Frank (or Patty)!
A young businessman had just started his own firm. He had just rented a beautiful office and had it furnished with antiques.  Sitting there, he saw a man come into the outer office. Wishing to appear the hot shot, the businessman picked up the phone and started to pretend he had a big deal working.  He threw huge figures around and made giant commitments. Finally he hung up and asked the visitor, "Can I help you?"  "Yeah, I've come to activate your phone lines."   
There was once a young man who, in his youth, professed his desire to become a great writer. When asked to define "great" he said, "I want to write stuff that the whole world will read, stuff that people will react to on a truly emotional level, stuff that will make them scream, cry, howl in pain and anger!" He now works for Microsoft, writing error messages.
Where do poor meatballs live?  In the spaghetto.
I don't always test my code, but when I do, it is in production....
An office employee knowing his boss was off for the day transferred the office telephone # to his own cell phone and took it with him to play golf.  The boss called and asked how everything was going and the employee said fine.  The boss then said, can you move a little faster I'm in the foursome behind you.
One of the youth soccer coaches didn't care much for my refereeing and had no problem letting me know it. Fed up, I politely threatened him with a send-off if he didn't stop.  He calmed down, but an older woman took up where he'd left off. "You'd better control your sideline," I warned the coach.  The coach turned to the woman and barked, "Knock it off, Mom!"
I was at the mall the other day eating at the food court. I noticed an old man watching a teenager sitting next to him. The teenager had spiked hair in all different colors: green, red, orange, and blue.  The old man kept staring at him. The teenager would look and find the old man staring every time. When the teenager had enough, he sarcastically asked, "What's the matter old man, never done anything wild in your life?"  The old man did not bat an eye in his response, "Got drunk once and had sex with a peacock. I was just wondering if you were my son."
Glenn and Scott are bungee jumping one day when Glenn has a brainstorm, "You know, we could make a lot of money running our own bungee jumping service in Mexico."  Scott agrees that it would be a great idea, so the two pool their money and buy everything they'll need - a tower, an elastic cord, insurance, etc. They travel to Mexico and begin to set up on the main square. As they are constructing the tower, a crowd begins to assemble. Slowly, more and more people gather to watch them at work. When everything is ready Glenn gives it a test jump.  When he bounces at the end of the cord and comes back up, Scott notices that Glenn has a few cuts and scratches. Unfortunately, the Scott isn't able catch him, so Glenn falls again, bounces, and then comes back up. This time, Glenn is bruised and bleeding. Again, Scott misses him. Glenn goes down again and this time, he comes back pretty messed up, he's got a couple of broken bones and is almost unconscious.  On the next attempt, Scott finally catches him and pulls him in. "What happened?" he asks. "Was the cord too long?"  Glenn catches his breath and replies, "No, the cord was fine, but tell me... what the heck is a piñata?"
You want to hear a word I just made up ?  Plagiarism.... 
Is it possible to have deja vu and amnesia at the same time?   (I feel like I've forgotten this before…)
When we come into this world we're bald, toothless, and wearing diapers...  If we live long enough, we pretty much go out the same way. 
The stoplight on the corner buzzes when it's safe to cross the street. I was crossing with a coworker of mine, who is not so bright. He asked if I knew what the buzzing was for?   I explained that it signals blind people when the light is red. Without missing a beat, he responded, "What are blind people doing driving?"
As an instructor in driver education at the local area High School, I've learned that even the brightest students can become flustered behind the wheel. One day I had three beginners in the car, each scheduled to drive for 30 minutes.  When the first student had completed her time, I asked her to change places with one of the others. Gripping the wheel tightly and staring straight ahead, she asked in a shaky voice, "Should I stop the car first?"
An actor had been out of work for years because he always forgot his lines. One day he got a phone call from a director who wanted him for an important part in a play. All the actor had to say was, “Hark! I hear the cannon roar!"  Opening night arrived, and while he waited in the wings, the actor muttered to himself, “Hark! I hear the cannon roar! Hark! I hear the cannon roar!" The time for the entrance finally came. As the actor made his appearance onstage, he heard a loud BOOOOM! He turned around and said, “What the heck was that?”
Two older women were fussing about their husbands over tea one day.  "I do wish my Leroy would stop biting his nails. That makes me terribly nervous," the first one said.  "Oh, my Elmer used to do the same thing," the other woman commented. "But I broke him of that habit real quick."  "What did you do?"  "I hid his teeth."
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink. After noticing there are pieces of meat nailed to the ceiling of the bar, he asks the barman what they are for. The barman replies, “If you can jump up and pull one of them down you get free beer all night. If you fail, you have to pay the bar $100. Do you want to give it a try?”  The man thinks about it for a minute before saying, “Nah, no thanks. The steaks are too high!”
A Texan farmer goes to Australia for a vacation. There he meets an Aussie farmer and gets talking.   The Aussie shows off his big wheat field and the Texan says, "Oh!  We have wheat fields that are at least twice as large".  Then they walk around the ranch a little, and the Aussie shows off his herd of cattle.  The Texan immediately says, "We have longhorns that are at least twice as large as your cows".  The conversation has, meanwhile, almost died when the Texan sees a group of kangaroos hopping through the field. He asks, "And what are those"?  The Aussie replies with an incredulous look, "Don't you have any grasshoppers in Texas"?   
Earl and Bob, both obsessed with baseball, never missed their favorite team’s game. They made a promise to each other, whoever died first, and went to heaven, would come back to earth and tell the other if there was baseball in heaven.  One day, Earl died. Bob waited for him to come back. Finally, Earl did. He said to Bob.  "I have good news and bad news. I'll tell you the good news first. There is baseball in heaven."  Bob said, "That’s the best news!"  Then Earl said, time for the bad news....”You're pitching tomorrow night." 
Teacher: Now, Sam, tell me frankly do you say prayers before eating?  Sam: No sir, I don't have to, my mom is a good cook. 
A young blonde with a coach ticket went up and sat down in the first class section of a plane going from Tampa to Los Angles The airline hostess said I'm sorry miss but you have to sit in the coach section. The blonde replied  " I'm blonde and beautiful and I'm going to LA " She wouldn't move. Finally the first officer came up and whispered in her ear. The blonde jumped up and ran back to coach  The stewardess asked the first officer what he said to the blonde.  I  told her First Class doesn't stop in LA.   
My four year old daughter had a terrible case of the flu. She was achy, had a high fever, and was terribly hoarse. After waiting in the waiting room at the doctor’s office for over an hour we were finally admitted to see the Doctor.   After the usual routine of listening to her breathing and checking her ears, the Doctor asked my daughter, “So what would you say is bothering you the most?”  After a brief pause, my daughter replies, “My little brother Steven, he always breaks my toys.”
“Has your son decided what ?he wants to be when he grows up?” ?I asked my friend.  “He wants to be a garbageman,” ?he replied.  “That’s an unusual ambition to have at such a young age.”  “Not really. He thinks that garbagemen work only on Tuesdays.”
Q:: Is BB hungry?  A: No, BB-8!
A woman walked up to a little old man rocking in a chair on his porch. "I couldn't help noticing how happy you look," she said. "What's your secret for a long happy life?"  "I smoke three packs of cigarettes a day," he said. "I also drink a case of whiskey a week, eat fatty foods, and never exercise."  "That's amazing," said the woman, "how old are you?"  "Twenty-six," he said.  
Prison-8’x10’ Cell  Work-6’x8’ Cubicle  Prison-3 meals a day  Work-1 meal and you have to pay for that one 	 Prison-Guards Unlock and Lock the doors for you  Work-You have to do it yourself  Prison-Friends and Family can visit you 
A politician awoke in a hospital bed after a complicated operation and found that the curtains were drawn around him.  "Why are the curtains closed," he said. "Is it night?"  A nurse replied, "No, it's just that there's a fire at the empty warehouse across the street, and we didn't want you waking up and thinking that the operation was unsuccessful."  
As a kid, parent-teacher conferences were embarrassing and awkward for me and my parents.  My teacher made my parents write on the blackboard one hundred times, "We will not have any more children."
Two friends are in the living room. The wife of one of them is in the kitchen. "Sweetheart, please, can you hand us the bottle of whisky?" he says. And then, again, "Sweetheart, and two glasses please?"  The other man stares at him and says, "My gosh, how long have you been married?"  "Thirty years."  "Oh wow, and you still call her sweetheart?"  And the first whispers, "Well, I forgot what her name is!"
Finding one of her students making faces at others on the playground, Ms. Smith stopped to gently reprove the child.  Smiling sweetly, the teacher said, "Bobby, when I was a child, I was told that if I made ugly faces, it would freeze and I would stay like that."  Bobby looked up and replied, "Well, Ms. Smith, you can't say you weren't warned."
A 70-year-old man goes to the doctor's for a physical. The doctor runs some tests and says to the man, ''Well, everything seems to be in top condition physically, but what about mentally? How is your connection with God?''  And the man says, ''Oh me and God? We're tight. We have a real bond, he's good to me. Every night when I have to get up to go to the bathroom, he turns on the light for me, and then, when I leave, he turns it back off.''  Well, upon hearing this the doctor was astonished. He called the man's wife and said, ''I'd like to speak to you about your husband's connection with God. He claims that every night when he needs to use the restroom, God turns on the light for him and turns it off for him again when he leaves. Is this true?''  And she says, ''That idiot, he's been pissing in the fridge!'' 
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?"   Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
One Sunday, sitting on the side of the highway waiting to catch speeding drivers, a State Police Officer sees a car puttering along at 22 MPH.  He thinks to himself, “This driver is just as dangerous as a speeder!” So he turns on his lights and pulls the driver over.  Approaching the car, he notices that there are five old ladies – two in the front seat and three in the back – wide eyed and white as ghosts. The driver, obviously confused, says to him, “Officer, I don’t understand, I was doing exactly the speed limit! I always go exactly the speed limit. What seems to be the problem?”  “Ma’am,” the officer replies, “you weren’t speeding, but you should know that driving slower than the speed limit can also be a danger to other drivers.”  “Slower than the speed limit? No sir, I was doing the speed limit exactly! Twenty-two miles an hour!” the old woman says a bit proudly.  The State Police officer, trying to contain a chuckle explains to her that “22” was the route number, not the speed limit.  A bit embarrassed, the woman grinned and thanked the officer for pointing out her error.  “But before I let you go, Ma’am, I have to ask . . . Is everyone in this car OK? These women seem awfully shaken and they haven’t muttered a single peep this whole time,” the officer asks with concern.  “Oh, they’ll be all right in a minute officer. We just got off Route 119.”
I asked a friend of mine by phone what he was doing. He told me he couldn't talk because he was working on "aqua-thermal treatment of ceramics, aluminum, and steel while under a dangerously constrained environment."    I was impressed. Until the following day when I learned that meant he was "washing dishes with hot water under his upset wife's supervision."
Bill: Where did you get that gold watch Joe?  Joe: I won it in a race.  Bill: How many people participated in it?  Joe: Three, a policeman, the owner of the watch, and me! 
While I was dining out with my children, a man came over to our table and we started talking. He asked where my kids go to school. I told him we home-schooled them. With a raised eyebrow, he asked if my husband is the sole breadwinner for our family.  I said, "No, I also work, out of our home."  Then, noticing our two-month-old son, he mentioned that his daughter had just had a baby, and he wondered what hospital our son was born in.  "He was born at home," I answered.  The man looked at me and then said, "Wow, you don't get out much, do you?"
I told my kids I never want tolive in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids froma bottle.  So they unplugged mycomputer and threw out my wine.
A knight and his men return to their castle after a long hard day of fighting. "How are we faring?" asks the king.  "Sire," replies the knight, "I have been robbing and pillaging on your behalf all day, burning the towns of your enemies in the west."  "What?!" shrieks the king.  "I don't have any enemies to the west!"  "Oh, no..." says the knight.  "Well, you do now."
What do you call a tree without any branches?  A stick!
A fine-looking gentleman sat down in the main dining room of an expensive restaurant. He ordered a big dinner and spent an hour enjoying himself.  After he was given the check, he summoned the headwaiter. "Ah, my friend," he said, "that was a delicious meal! Perhaps you don't remember that I was a guest at this same table just about a year ago. And at that time I couldn't pay the check, so you, sir had me thrown out in full view of all the other diners."  "I am so sorry, sir," said the head waiter, "but, you understand-"  "Oh it's quite all right," interrupted the gentleman, "but I'm afraid I'll have to trouble you again."
"So, what's the matter? I thought you just got back from a nice relaxing fishing trip with your husband."  "Oh, everything went wrong! First, he said I talked so loud I would scare the fish. Then he said I was using the wrong bait. And then he said that I was reeling in too soon."  "That doesn't sound nice or relaxing."  "All that might have been all right, but to make matters worse, I ended up catching the most fish."
“Oh no, not leftovers again!” complained my older sister when she saw the leftover meatloaf on the table from last night's supper.  “Young lady,” responded my father sternly, “do you know how many people would love to have a delicious supper like this? You should be ashamed of yourself. Now before we start eating I want to hear you say grace thanking the Lord for this delicious meal.”  “Thank you Lord for this delicious supper,” muttered my sister submissively, “….again!”
A preacher, newly called to a small country town, needed to mail a letter. Passing a young boy on the street, the pastor asked where he could find the post office.  After getting his answer, the minister thanked the boy and said, “If you’ll come to the community church this evening, you can hear me tell everyone how to get to heaven.”   “I don’t know, sir,” the boy replied. “You don’t even know how to get to the post office.”
Dear Santa,  For this year I'm requesting a BIG bank account and a SMALL body.  P.S. Please don't mix them up like you did last year.
A church was preparing for Christmas services. The pastor decided he wanted a banner made for the entryway and had a parishioner call the sign company.     The parishioner told the man on the phone the message he wanted and the dimensions needed for the entryway.     The sign came back a few days later... "Unto Mary Jesus was born, six feet long and two feet wide."
A young American tourist goes on a guided tour of a creepy old castle. At the end of the tour, the guide asks her how she enjoyed it. She admits to being a bit worried about seeing a ghost in some of the dark, cob-web filled, rooms and passages.  "Don't worry," says the guide. "I've never seen a ghost all the time I've been here."  "How long is that?" asks the girl.  "About three hundred years."
Once, in a bar, one guy leaned over and said to the guy sitting next to him, "I slept with your mom last night."   The whole bar turned to see what would happen next. After a while, the guy laughs and says, "Let's go home, Dad, you are drunk."
 A man went to see his doctor because he was suffering from a miserable cold. His doctor prescribed some pills, but they didn't help.  On his next visit the doctor gave him a shot, but that didn't do any good, either.  On his third visit the doctor told the man to go home and take a hot bath. As soon as he was finished bathing he was to throw open all the windows and stands in the draft.  "But doc," protested the patient, "if I do that, I'll get pneumonia."  "I know," said his physician, "I can cure pneumonia."
Little Johnny was in school one day when the teacher brought around apples for snack time. "Here, Little Johnny, have an apple."  "I don't freakin' want one," declared Johnny.  The teacher was shocked. She called Little Johnny's mother and scheduled her to come in for a meeting the next day. When Little Johnny's mother arrived, the teacher had her hide behind the curtain until snack time came around. As she came to Little Johnny, she again told him, "Here Little Johnny. It's time for your apple."  "I don't freakin' want one," stated Little Johnny again.  The teacher pulled aside the curtain and said to his mother, "See? Did you hear what he said?"  "So?" said his mother, "Don't freakin' give him one."
A lawyer meets with the family of a recently deceased millionaire for the reading of the will.   "To my loving wife, Rose, who always stood by me, I leave the house and $2 million," the attorney reads.  "To my darling daughter, Jessica, who looked after me in sickness and kept the business going, I leave the yacht, the business and $1 million."  "And finally," the lawyer concludes, "to my cousin Dan, who hated me, argued with me and thought I would never mention him in my will. Well, you were wrong. Hi Dan!"
We had built our dream house some years ago, and furnished it with quality pieces as we could afford them.  Now the delivery truck carrying the last purchase, a new bedroom suite, was pulling into the driveway.   "Finally!" I exclaimed, flinging open the front door as the driver walked up to the house.  "I've been waiting twelve years for this!"  "Don't blame me, lady," he said.  "I just got the order this morning."
"Did you know Job spoke when he was a very small baby?"  "Where does it say that?"  "It says, 'Job cursed the day he was born.'"
This device is designed to meet short time emergency needs in case of a computer operations failure, or operational delay. This device is the Primary Emergency Network Computer Interface Liaison device (P.E.N.C.I.L.). This device has been field tested extensively, including certification testing, as well as volume and stress testing. Properly maintained, the device meets all the requirements for coding and data input. Prior to use, the (P.E.N.C.I.L.) will require preparation and testing. Tools and supplies required will be: A sharpened knife or grinding device; and a supply of computer paper (with or without holes).  Gripping the device firmly in your hand, proceed to scrape or grind the wooded end until it has a cone-like appearance. The dark core area must be exposed to properly function. Place a single sheet of computer paper on a smooth, hard surface. Take the backup device, place the sharpened point against the paper, and pull it across the paper. If properly done, this will input a single line.  CAUTION: Excessive force may damage components of the device or damage the data reception device. If either the P.E.N.C.I.L. or the paper are damaged, go back to the preparation instructions above.  Proper use of the device will require data simulation input by the operator. Placing the device against the computer page forming symbols as closely resembling the computer lettering system you normally use. At the completion of each of the simulated letters, lift the device off the page, move it slightly to the right, replace it against the page, and form the next symbol. This may appear tedious, and somewhat redundant, but, with practice, you should be able to increase your speed and accuracy. The P.E.N.C.I.L. is equipped with a manual deletion device.   The device is located on the reverse end of the P.E.N.C.I.L. Error deletions operate similarly to the "backspace" key on your computer. Simply place the device against the erroneous data, and pull it backwards over the letters. This should remove the error,and enable you to resume data entries.  CAUTION: Excessive force may damage the data reception device. Insufficient force, however, may result in less than acceptable deletion, and may require re-initialization of action as above. This device is designed with user maintenance in mind. However, if technical support is required, you can still call your local computer desk supervisor at (800)-YOU-DUMMY. 
 A friend of mine is a deputy with the sheriff's department canine unit. One evening, the deputy was dispatched to the scene of a possible burglary, where he discovered the back door of a building ajar. He let the dog out his patrol car and commanded it to enter and seek.  Jumping from the back seat, the dog headed for the building. After lunging through the doorway, the dog froze and backed out. My friend was puzzled until he investigated further.  Then he noticed the sign on the building: "Veterinarian's Office."
A college coach had recruited a top talent, but the player couldn't pass the school's entrance exam. Needing the recruit badly, the coach went to the dean and asked if the recruit could take the test orally. The dean agreed, and the following day the recruit and the coach were seated in his office.  "Okay," the dean said. "What is seven times seven?"  The recruit mulled it over for a moment, then said, "I think it's 49."  Suddenly the coach leapt to his feet. "Please, Dean," he begged, "give him another chance!"
Max was worried. Sam, his loyal deli customer every day for thirty years, doesn't show up. Max loves Sam. Every day at the deli he gives him the best cuts, charges him the least, treats him like family.  So on the second day, his absence is again concerning. When he doesn't show up on the third day, Max is almost beside himself. The fourth day brings more agony with Sam's disappearance. On the fifth day, Friday, pacing back forth, not knowing what to do, he glances across the street at his competitor's deli. Through the window, he sees Sam at the deli counter right across the street.   Max tears off his apron, storms across the thoroughfare, and confronts Sam. "What are you doing? For thirty years you've been my customer. I've given you the best cuts for your meals, I've charged you next to nothing, I've treated you like my closest family! How could you show so little loyalty after all this time?"  "Relax," says Sam, "don’t worry. On Monday I had a root canal. The dentist said I should eat on the other side for a few days.”
While at the casino, I remembered the sign that said: "If you have a gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER."  I thought about it for a moment and dialed the number. When they answered I said, "I have an ace and a six. The dealer has a seven. What do I do?"
STOCK: A magical piece of paper that is worth $33.75 until the moment you buy it.  It will then be worth $8.50.  BOND: What you had with your spouse until you pawned his/her golf clubs to invest in Amazon.com.  BROKER: The person you trust to help you make major financial decisions. Please note the first five letters of this word spell "Broke".  BARE: What your trade account and wallet will be when you take a flyer on that hot stock tip your secretary gave you.  BULL: What your broker uses to explain why your mutual funds tanked during the last quarter.  MARGIN: Where you scribble the latest quotes when you're supposed to be listening to your manager's presentation.  SHORT POSITION: A type of trade where, in theory, a person sells stocks he doesn't actually own.  Since this also only ever works in theory, a short position is what a person usually ends up being in (i.e.  "The rent, sir? Hahaha, well, I'm a little short this month.").  COMMISSION: The only reliable way to make money on the stock market, which is why your broker charges you one.  YAK: What you do into a pail when you discover your stocks have plunged and your broker is making a margin call.
Three elderly men are at the doctor's office for a memory test. The doctor asks the first man, "What is three times three?"  "274," came the reply. The doctor rolls his eyes and looks up at the ceiling, and says to the second man, "It's your turn. What is three times three?"  "Tuesday," replies the second man. The doctor shakes his head sadly, then asks the third man, "Okay, your turn. What's three times three?"  "Nine," says the third man.  "That's great!" says the doctor. "How did you get that?"  "Simple," he says, "just subtract 274 from Tuesday."
A fantastic new series of billboard ads are now displaying along several highways, encouraging drivers to slow down. The billboards read:  Being "Mister Late" is always better than being the "Late Mister". 
Cassie was a really good mom. When her children were growing up, her one son gave her more "stop and count to 10" moments than any of the others.  Once, after her small son fell into the pond and came home with his good school clothes dripping wet, the exasperated Cassie sent him to his room while she washed and dried his clothes.  A little later, Cassie heard a commotion in the back yard. She called out, "Are you out there wetting your pants again?!?!"  There was dead silence for a moment. Then a deep, masculine voice answered meekly, "No, ma'am, I'm just reading the meter."
Grandpa and Little Johnny are sitting on a bench in the park. Johnny asked, "Grandpa are you going to take that new Viagra?"  Grandpa, caught off-guard, looks at him and says, "No Johnny, I will not."  "But Grandpa, why not?" asks little Johnny.  Grandpa replies, "Well Johnny, because there is no sense in putting lead in your pencil if you have no one to write to." 
1. One day I had to be the bearer of bad news when I told a wife that her husband had died of a massive myocardial infarct. Not more than five minutes later, I heard her reporting to the rest of the family that the had died of a "massive internal fart."  2. I was performing a complete physical, including the visual acuity test. I placed the patient twenty feet from the chart and  began, "Cover your right eye with your hand." He read the 20/20 line perfectly. Now your left. "Again, a flawless read. Now both," I requested . There was silence. He couldn't even read the large E on the top line. I turned and discovered that he had done exactly what I had asked; he was standing there with both his eyes covered I was laughing too hard to finish the exam.  3. During a patient's two week follow-up appointment with his cardiologist, he informed me, his doctor, that he was having trouble with one of his medications. "Which one?" I asked. "The patch. The nurse told me to put on a new one every six hours and now I'm running out of places to put it!" I had him quickly undress and discovered what I hoped I wouldn't see. Yes, the man had over fifty patches on his body! Now the instructions include removal of the old patch before applying a new one.  4. While acquainting myself with a new elderly patient, I asked, "How long have you been bed-ridden?" After a look of complete confusion she answered Why, not for about twenty years -- when my husband was alive."  5. I was caring for a woman from Kentucky and asked, So, how's your breakfast this morning?" It's very good, except for the Kentucky Jelly I can't seem to get used to the taste," the patient replied. I then asked to see the jelly and the woman produced a foil packet labeled "KY Jelly."  6. And Finally . . . A new, young MD doing his residency in OB was quite embarrassed performing female pelvic exams. To cover his embarrassment he had unconsciously formed a habit of whistling softly. The middle aged lady upon whom he was performing this exam suddenly burst out laughing and further embarrassed him. He looked up from his work and sheepishly said, "I'm sorry. Was I tickling you?"  She replied, "No doctor, but the song you were whistling was 'I wish I was an Oscar Meyer Wiener.'"
An ardent traveler named Joan spent most of her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel. She wore a swimsuit the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan. She'd hardly started when she heard someone running up the stairs. Joan was lying on her stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.  "Excuse me, miss," said the flustered hotel manager, out of breath from dashing up the stairs. "The hotel doesn't mind you sunbathing on the roof but we would very much appreciate you wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."  "What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly. "No one can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."  "Not exactly," said the manager. "You're lying on the dining room skylight."
Yo momma is so fat, she sat on a quarter and a booger popped out of George Washington's nose!
This story takes place at a large valley. On one side of the valley lived the rabbit, and on the other side lived the bear. One day, the bear was sitting on a stump, enjoying his breakfast of berries. Then he heard someone yelling at him. It was the rabbit. "Hey! Hey, Teddy, get your butt over here. I've got something to show you!"  "Not now! I'm eating."  "Oh come on!" said the rabbit. "It's really important."  "No way."  "Please. It's urgent."  So the bear decided to go all the way over to the other side of the valley. It took him half a day, he was exhausted. When he finally got there he was groaning and out of breath.  "Well, rabbit," he panted. "What did you want to tell me?"  "Hey, Teddy," the rabbit began, "look how many berries are on the other side of the valley."
GREAT TRUTHS THAT LITTLE CHILDREN HAVE LEARNED: 1) No matter how hard you try, you can't baptize cats. 2) When your Mom is mad at your Dad, don't let her brush your hair. 3) If your sister hits you, don't hit her back. They always catch the second person. 4) Never ask your 3-year old brother to hold a tomato. 5) You can't trust dogs to watch your food. 6) Don't sneeze when someone is cutting your hair. 7) Never hold a Dust-Buster and a cat at the same time. 8) You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk. 9) Don't wear polka-dot underwear under white shorts. 10) The best place to be when you're sad is Grandpa's lap.   GREAT TRUTHS THAT ADULTS HAVE LEARNED: 1) Raising teenagers is like nailing Jell-O to a tree. 2) Wrinkles don't hurt. 3) Families are like fudge...mostly sweet, with a few nuts. 4) Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut that held its ground. 5) Laughing is good exercise. It's like jogging on the inside. 6) Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.   GREAT TRUTHS ABOUT GROWING OLD 1) Growing up is mandatory; growing old is optional. 2) Forget the health food. I need all the preservatives I can get. 3) When you fall down, you wonder what else you can do while you're down there. 4) You're getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster. 5) It's frustrating when you know all the answers but nobody bothers to ask you the questions. 6) Time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician. 7) Wisdom comes with age, but sometimes age comes alone.
A man called to testify at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), asked his accountant for advice on what to wear. "Wear your shabbiest clothing. Let him think you are a pauper," the accountant replied.  Then he asked his lawyer the same question, but got the opposite advice. "Do not let them intimidate you. Wear your most elegant suit and tie."  Confused, the man went to his Priest, told him of the conflicting advice, and requested some resolution of the dilemma. "Let me tell you a story," replied the Priest.  "A woman, about to be married, asked her mother what to wear on her wedding night. 'Wear a heavy, long, flannel nightgown that goes right up to your neck.' But when she asked her best friend, she got conflicting advice. Wear your most sexy negligee, with a V neck right down to your navel."  The man protested: "What does all this have to do with my problem with the IRS?!"  "Simple", replied the Priest...  "It doesn't matter what you wear, you are going to get screwed!" 
Your bedroom isn't cluttered; it's "passage-restrictive."  Kids don't get in trouble anymore.  They merely hit "social speed bumps."  You're not having a bad hair day; you're suffering from "rebellious follicle syndrome."  No one's tall anymore.  They're "vertically enhanced."  You're not shy.  You're "conversationally selective."  You don't talk a lot.  You're just "abundantly verbal."  It's not called gossip anymore.  It's "transmission of near-factual information."  The food at the school cafeteria isn't awful.  It's "digestively challenged."  Your homework isn't missing; it's just having an "out-of-notebook experience."  You're not sleeping in class; you're "rationing consciousness."  You don't have smelly gym socks; you have "odor-retentive athletic footwear."  You weren't passing notes in class.  You were "participating in the discreet exchange of penned meditations."  You're not being sent to the principal's office.  You're "going on a mandatory field trip to the administrative building."
Mickey Mouse gives me Disney spells.
Three hunters were walking in the woods one night when they came across a set of tracks.  "Those are bear tracks." The first hunter said.  "Those are deer tracks." The second hunter said.  "No, they're fox tracks. The third hunter argued.  They were still arguing when the train hit them.
HR: This is your revised salary, Keep it confidential.  Employee: Don't worry, I'm equally ashamed of it.
Paddy and Murphy are wandering in the desert fortunately they have plenty of water but no food.  Murphy finally gives up sitting down on the ground and he tells Paddy to go on without him. Paddy protests but gets nowhere so he walks on without his friend only to return screaming Murphy, Murphy come quickly you wont believe your eyes and tells Murphy of a fantastical tree he has just found with a bacon butty on every branch. Murphy picks himself up and protesting all the way as he makes his way to the top of the ridge only to look down into a bowl shaped valley, at one solitary tree with a sandwich on every branch.  The two friends run to the tree and pick a sandwich off the tree and take a bite only for a hundred screaming ancient warriors to appear intent on taking there lives.  Murphy says “Paddy this was no bacon butty tree this was a ham bush” 
Question: Do you know why famous entertainment stars do not worry about summer heat?  Answer: because they have fans everywhere.
This sentence contradicts itself... no, wait, actually it doesn't.  
What do you call a snowman in Florida?  Water.
What did the educated sweet potato say?  I think, therefore I yam.
Two friends were talking.  "There are so many cemeteries in your neighborhood."  "I know, people are just dying to live here." 
When Adam stayed out late for a few nights, Eve became suspicious and upset. "You're running around with other women, aren't you?" she accused.    "You're being unreasonable," Adam responded. "You're the only woman on earth."   The quarrel continued until Adam fell asleep, only to be awakened by someone poking him in the chest.  It was Eve.   "What do you think you're doing?" Adam asked, half asleep.    "Counting your ribs," said Eve. 
The minister was preoccupied with thoughts of how, after the worship service, he was going to ask the congregation to come up with more money than they were expecting for repairs to the church building.  Therefore, he was slightly annoyed to find that the regular organist was sick and a substitute had been brought in at the last minute. The substitute wanted to know what to play. "Here's a copy of the service," said the minister. "But you'll have to think of something to play after I make the announcement about the finances."  During the service, the minister paused and said, "Brothers and Sisters, we are in difficulty. The roof repairs cost twice as much as we expected, and we need $4,000 more. Any of you who can pledge $100 or more, please stand up."  At that moment, the substitute organist played "The Star-Spangled Banner."  And that is how the substitute became the regular organist.
How does Santa keep the weeds out of his garden?  With a Hoe-Hoe-Hoe.
Jolene had wanted new kitchen cabinets for a long time, but her husband insisted they were an extravagance.She went to visit her mother for two weeks, and when she returned, she was overjoyed to find that beautiful new cabinets had been installed in her kitchen.  A few days later, a neighbor came over to visit and after admiring the new cabinets, the neighbor added, "We were all so glad that the fire was confined to the kitchen." 
Two dogs were walking down the street. The one dog says to the other, "Wait here a minute, I'll be right back."  He walks across the street and sniffs this fire hydrant for a while, then walks back across the street.  The other dog asks, "What was that about?"  The first dog replies, "Just checking my messages."
A thief was arrested for breaking into a Toys "R" Us store and stealing a board game...  He got Life.		 
The first-time flier was very nervous as he buckled his seat belt before takeoff. He turned to the woman in the next seat and asked, "About how often do jetliners like this crash?"  She thought a moment and replied, "Usually, just once."
A bookseller conducting a market survey asked a woman, "Which book has helped you most in your life?"  The woman replied, "That would be my husband's check book."
I had an uncle who was allergic to cotton...  He got some pills for the condition but couldn't get them out of the bottle.
(Modified from Rock-A-Bye Baby)  Hush-A-Bye Buddy In our guest room, It's been three weeks now  Are you leaving us soon?  We'll all miss your snoring And carrying on, But please won't you go back To Boca Raton?
I went to pick up my car at the auto repair shop. The mechanic said to me, "I could not repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder."
Step 1: Name your iPhone "Titanic."   Step 2: Plug it into your computer.   Step 3: When iTunes says "Titanic is syncing," press cancel.   Step 4: Feel like a hero.
Why is the moon like a dollar?   It has four quarters.
Having lost most of his hearing a number of years ago, this elderly man goes to the doctor to be fitted with hearing aids which promise to allow him to hear 100%.  A month later, he returns to the doctor for a check up on his progress. The doctor tells him that his hearing is perfect and asks if his family is pleased.  The man says, "Oh, I haven't told them about the hearing aids yet. I just sit around and listen to them talk. I've changed my will three times!" 
An angel appears at a College faculty meeting and tells the Dean that in return for his unselfish and exemplary behavior, the Lord will reward him with his choice of infinite wealth, infinite wisdom, or infinite beauty. Without hesitating, the Dean selects infinite wisdom.  “Done!” says the angel, and disappears in a cloud of smoke and a bolt of lightning. Now, all heads turn toward the Dean, who sits surrounded by a faint halo of light. At length, one of his colleagues whispers, “Say something.”  The Dean sighs and says, “I should have taken the money.”
Why do artists never win when they play football?   They keep drawing!
I don't do windows because... I love birds and don't want one to run into a clean window and get hurt.  I don't wax floors because... I am terrified a guest will slip and get hurt then I'll feel terrible ( plus they may sue me.)  I don't mind the dust bunnies because... They are very good company; I have named most of them, and they agree with everything I say.  I don't disturb cobwebs because... I want every creature to have a home of their own.  I don't Spring Clean because... I love all the seasons and don't want the others to get jealous.  I don't put things away because... My husband will never be able to find them again.  I don't do gourmet meals when I entertain because... I don't want my guests to stress out over what to make when they invite me over for dinner.  I don't iron because... I choose to believe them when they say "Permanent Press."  I don't stress much on anything because... "Type A" personalities die young and I want to stick around and become an ol' woman!
A man went in to a restaurant and ordered alphabet soup. The man's alphabet soup was in front of him when a bee went inside.   The man cried out, "Waiter, Waiter, there's a bee in my alphabet soup!"   The waiter said, "Yes, sir, and I believe all the other letters are there too."
A rather scruffy-looking man came into a bank. Reaching the head of the line, he said to the teller, "I wanna open a damn checking account."  "Certainly, sir," answered the teller, "but there's no need to use that kind of language."  "Could you move it along man? I just wanna open a damn checking account," growled the would-be customer.  "I'll be glad to be of service, sir," said the teller, flushing slightly, "but I would appreciate not being spoken to in that way."  "What the hell? Just let me open a damn checking account, okay?"  "I'm afraid I'm going to have to speak to the branch manager," said the annoyed teller, slipping off his stool and returning shortly with a woman who asked how she could be of service.  "Hell, I just won the TEN MILLION DOLLAR lottery," snarled the man, "and all I wanna do is open a damn checking account."  "I see," said the manager sympathetically. "And this MORON is giving you trouble?"
 My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start.  So far today, I have finished 2 bags of chips and a chocolate cake.  I feel better already.
A wife announced to her husband that since today was their 25th wedding anniversary she had been dreaming about pearls, a very strong hint indeed.  Her husband replied, "Wait until tonight dear."  That evening, after a delicious dinner, he gave her the wedding anniversary gift. A book entitled, "How to Interpret Dreams."  That's when the fight started.
Amy and Judy are old friends. They have both been married to their husbands for a long time. Amy is upset because she thinks her husband doesn't find her attractive anymore.  "As I get older he doesn't bother to look at me!" Amy cries.  "I'm so sorry for you. As I get older my husband says I get more beautiful every day," replies Judy.  "Yes, but your husband's an antique dealer!" 
When Mr. Ed retired from television, he got a job as a telephone psychic.  Mary was having relationship problems, called in, and got advice from the old stallion.  Arriving home, she confronted her husband, accusing him of having an affair. 	 "Where in the world did you get that idea?" he asked.	  "I got it from the horse's mouth!"
WIFE: I wrote your name on sand it got washed away. I wrote your name in air, it was blown away. Then I wrote your name on my heart, and I got a heart attack.  PABLO: God saw me hungry, he created pizza. He saw me thirsty, He created Pepsi. He saw me in darkness, He created light. He saw me without problems, He created YOU.  WIFE: Twinkle, twinkle little star, You should know what you are. And once you know what you are, the mental hospital is not so far.  PABLO: The rain makes all things beautiful. The grass and flowers too. If rain makes all things beautiful, why doesn’t it rain on you?  WIFE: Roses are red, Violets are blue, Monkeys like u should be kept in ZOO. Don’t feel so angry, you will find me there too, not in cage but laughing at YOU!
I was checking out at the busy super market, and the cashier was having problems. The register ran out of paper, the scanner malfunctioned, and finally the cashier spilled a handful of coins. When she totaled my order, it came to exactly $22.  Trying to soothe her nerves, I said, "That's a nice round figure."  Still frazzled, she glared at me and said, "You're no bean pole yourself."
If you're a bear, you get to hibernate. You do nothing but sleep for six months. I could deal with that.  Before you hibernate, you're supposed to eat, and eat, and eat. I could deal with that too.  If you're a bear, you birth your children (who are the size of walnuts) while you are sleeping and wake to partially grown, cute, cuddly cubs. I could definitely deal with that.  If you're a mama bear, everyone knows you mean business. You swat anyone who bothers your cubs. If your cubs get out of line, you swat them too. I could deal with that.  If you're a bear, your mate EXPECTS you to wake up growling. He EXPECTS that you will have hairy legs and excess body fat.  Yup......I want to be a bear!
A man and a beautiful woman were having dinner in a fine restaurant. Their waitress, taking another order at a table a few paces away suddenly noticed that the man was slowing sliding down his chair and under the table, but the woman acted unconcerned.  The waitress watched as the man slid all the way down his chair and out of sight under the table. Still, the woman dining across from him appeared calm and unruffled, apparently unaware that her dining companion had disappeared. After the waitress finished taking the order, she came over to the table and said to the woman, "Pardon me, ma'am, but I think your husband just slid under the table."  The woman calmly looked up at her and replied firmly, "No he didn't. My husband just walked in the door." 
What do you call a sold-out Demolition Derby event?  A smashing success!				 
A young girl who was writing a paper for school came to her father and asked, "Dad, what is the difference between anger and exasperation?"  The father replied, "It is mostly a matter of degree. Let me show you what I mean." With that the father went to the telephone an dialed a number at random. To the man who answered the phone, he said, "Hello, is Melvin there?"  The man answered, "There is no one living here named Melvin. Why don't you learn to look up numbers before you dial them?"  "See," said the father to his daughter. "That man was not a bit happy with our call. He was probably very busy with something and we annoyed him. Now watch...." The father dialed the number again. "Hello, is Melvin there?" asked the father.  "Now look here!" came the heated reply. "You just called this number and I told you that there is no Melvin here! You've got a lot of nerve calling again!" The receiver slammed down hard.  The father turned to his daughter and said, "You see, that was anger. Now I'll show you what exasperation means." He dialed the same number, and when a violent voice roared, "Hello!," the father calmly said, "Hello, this is Melvin. Have there been any calls for me?"
Grandpa: I can't find the send button on my cell phone.  Granddaughter: I see the problem grandpa, you're using a calculator.   Grandpa: It's always a calculated risk doing things without my reading glasses. Granddaughter: No wonder things didn't add up. Grandpa: Very "Punny" young lady, you're as bad as I am!   Granddaughter: And exactly how did you arrive at that equation? Grandpa: Time for my nap, I rest my case!  
A guy walks into the human resources department of a large company and hands the executive his application. The executive begins to scan the sheet, and notices that the applicant has been fired from every job he has ever held.   "I must say," says the executive, "your work history is terrible. You've been fired from every job."  "Yes," says the man.  "Well," continues the executive, "there's not much positive in that."  "Hey!" says the guy as he pokes the application, "At least I'm not a quitter."
A man was selling his house, and put the matter in an agent's hands. The agent wrote up a sales blurb for the house that made for a wonderful reading. After the man read it, he turned to the agent and asked, "Have I got all that it says here?"  The agent said, "You most certainly have... why do you ask?"  The man replied, "Cancel the sale, this house is too good to part with!"
Two cannibals are munching on singer/musician Al Yankovic...   One says to the other, "Does this taste a little weird to you?" 
Boss: You were on sick leave yesterday ?  Me: Yes  Boss: What was the issue ?  Me: I was sick of work.
My son is such an introvert, he can't even lead the silent prayer.
Years ago, when our daughters were very young, we'd drop them off at our church's children's chapel on Sundays before the eleven o'clock service. One Sunday, the subject was the Twenty-third Psalm.   The minister told the children about sheep, that they weren't smart and needed lots of guidance, and that a shepherd's job was to stay close to the sheep, protect them from wild animals and keep them from wandering off and doing dumb things that would get them hurt or killed. He pointed to the little children in the room and said that they were the sheep and needed lots of guidance.  Then the minister put his hands out to the side, palms up in a dramatic gesture, and with raised eyebrows said to the children, "If you are the sheep, then who is the shepherd?"   He was expecting the kids to refer to him. A silence of a few seconds followed.  Then a young visitor said, " Jesus, Jesus is the shepherd."  The young minister, caught somewhat off-guard, said to the boy, "Well, then, and who am I?"  The little boy frowned thoughtfully and then said with a shrug, "I guess you must be a sheep dog."
Why do grasshoppers not go to many football games?   They prefer cricket matches.
A man called his mother in Florida. "Mom, how are you?"  "Not too good," said the mother. "I've been very weak."  The son said, "Why are you so weak?"  She said, "Because I haven't eaten in 38 days."  The son said, "That's terrible. Why haven't you eaten in 38 days?"  The mother answered, "Because I didn't want my mouth to be filled with food if you should call."
Father: What do you see in that boyfriend of yours?  Teen daughter: Well... he’s reliable.  Father: He’s always late picking you up!  Teen daughter: I know and I can always count on it. Remember when you had to sit in the front room with my dates until I was ready?   Father: Now that you mention it, I’m beginning to like this guy!
 A farmer lived on a quiet rural highway. But a new expressway bypass meant an alarming increase in traffic. In fact, it was so heavy and so fast that his chickens were being run over at a rate of three a day.  So he called the sheriff's office and said, "You've got to do something about these people driving so fast and killing all of my chickens."  So the next day the sheriff went out and put up a sign that read "SLOW: SCHOOL CROSSING"  Three days later the farmer called again and said, "You've got to do something about these drivers. The School Crossing sign seems to make them go faster."  So, again, the sheriff went out and put up a new sign "SLOW: CHILDREN AT PLAY"  No good. So the farmer calls again...and again, every day for three weeks, but the sheriff just doesn't have time to put up signs every week. Finally, the farmer calls and says he’s taken care of the problem.  The sheriff is curious to see how. So he drives out to the farmer's house, and there on the edge of the road he sees a new sign. It's a whole sheet of plywood. And written in large yellow letters are the words "SLOW: NUDIST COLONY"
A man walked into a therapist's office looking very depressed, "Doc, you've got to help me."  "What's the problem?" the doctor inquired.  "Well, I'm 35 years old and I have no luck with the ladies. No matter how hard I try, I just seem to scare them away."  "My friend, this is not a serious problem. You just need to work on your self-esteem. Each morning, I want you to get up and run to the bathroom mirror. Tell yourself that you are a good person, a fun person, and an attractive person. But say it with real conviction. Within a week you'll have women buzzing all around you."  The man seemed content with this advice and walked out of the office a bit excited. Three weeks later he returned with the same downtrodden expression on his face. "Did my advice not work?" asked the doctor.  "It worked. For the past several weeks I've met several great women. All of them funny and charming, everything a man could ask for."  "So, what's your problem?"  "I don't have a problem," the man replied. "My wife does."
An undertaker can be one of your best friends...  He'll be the last one to let you down.
Little Johnny was late for class, and when he saw that the door was already closed, he opened it and went into the classroom tentatively. He very quietly shut the door and tiptoed to his seat hoping not to get the teacher after him. This upset the teacher, who said him, "Johnny, is this how your father would have come in - late and sneaking to his seat? Go out and try it again, and get it right this time!"  So, Little Johnny left the room and shut the door behind him quietly, as he'd come in. Then a moment later, he flung open the door with a clatter and stomped back into the room. He slammed the door behind him, "So Honey, didn't expect ME, didya?" 
And engineer died and when before St. Peter in heaven. St. Peter looked at his book and said "Oh, you belong with the devil."  After a few months in hell the engineer met with the devil and said, "You don't have anything here. I am an engineer and I can design buildings, air conditioning..all kinds of things."  The devil said, "OK... do it!"   When construction was complete the devil was very pleased. Then he gets a call from St. Peter who said, "Do you remember that engineer we sent you? We made a big mistake. He is supposed to be in heaven."  The devil replied with a loud and forceful voice, "YOU CAN'T HAVE HIM!"  St. Peter replied, "We will sue you!"   The devil started laughing. "What are you laughing about?" Where are you going to find a lawyer?" 
A man walks into a drug store with his 8 year old son. They happen to walk by the condom display, and the boy asks, "What are these, Dad?"  The man, matter-of-factly, replies, "Those are called condoms, son. Men use them to have safe sex."  "Oh I see," replied the boy pensively. "Yes, I've heard of that in health class at school."  He looks over the display and picks up a package of three and asks, "Why are there three in this package."  The dad replies, "Those are for high school boys. One for Friday, one for Saturday, and one for Sunday."  "Cool!" says the boy. He notices a pack of six and asks "Then who are these for?"  "Those are for college men," the dad answers. "Two for Friday, two for Saturday, and two for Sunday."  "WOW!" exclaimed the boy. "Then who uses these?" he asks, picking up a 12-pack.  With a sigh, the dad replied, "Those are for married men. One for January, one for February, one for March..."
A ditzy girl was hunched over the bar, toothpick in hand, spearing futilely at the olive in her drink. A dozen times the olive eluded her. Finally, another patron, who had been watching intently from the next stool, became exasperated and grabbed the toothpick.  "Here, this is how you do it," he said, as he easily skewered the olive.  "Big deal," she muttered. "I already had him so tired out, he couldn't get away." 
It's Black Friday and mall is packed with shoppers and Frank can't find his wife. He goes up to a very attractive woman and says, "Excuse me, can you help me? I cannot see my wife, and I know that she is here in the shopping mall somewhere. Can you just talk to me for a couple of minutes?"  The attractive woman replies, "Why?"  Frank replies, "Because every time I talk to a beautiful woman, my wife materializes out of thin air."
Why do some men prefer dogs over wives?  1. The later you are, the more excited your dogs are to see you.  2. Dogs don't notice if you call them by another dog's name.  3. Dogs like it if you leave a lot of things on the floor.  4. A dog's parents never visit.  5. Dogs agree that you sometimes have to raise your voice to get your point across.  6. You never have to wait for a dog; they're ready to go 24 hours a day.  7. Dogs find you amusing when you're drunk.  8. Dogs like to go hunting and fishing.  9. A dog will not wake you up at night to ask, "If I died, would you get another dog?"  10. If a dog has babies, you can put an ad in the paper and give them away.  11. A dog will let you put a studded collar on it without calling you a pervert.  12. If a dog smells another dog on you, they don't get mad. They just think it's interesting.  13. Dogs like to ride in the back of a pickup truck.  14. If a dog leaves you, it won't take half of your stuff.
A chemical engineer, electrical engineer, and a Microsoft engineer are on a road trip. The car breaks down.  The electrical engineer looks under the hood and can't find anything wrong.  The chemical engineer checks the oil and fuel and can't find anything wrong.  The Microsoft engineer says, "Close all the windows, and try again."
A widow recently married a widower. Soon after the marriage she was approached by a friend who laughingly remarked, "I suppose, like all men who have been married before, your husband sometimes talks about his first wife?"  "Oh, not any more, he doesn't," the widow replied.  "What stopped him?"  "I started talking about my next husband."   
 A mom was concerned about her Kindergarten son walking to school. He didn't want his mother to walk with him. She wanted to give him the feeling that he had some independence, but yet know that he was safe.  So, she had an idea of how to handle it. She asked a neighbor if she would please follow him to school in the mornings, staying at a distance, so he probably wouldn't notice her.  She said that since she was up early with her toddler anyway, it would be a good way for them to get some exercise as well, so she agreed.  The next school day, the neighbor and her little girl set out following behind Timmy as he walked to school with another neighbor boy he knew. She did this for the whole week.  As the boys walked and chatted, kicking stones and twigs, Timmy's little friend noticed the same lady was following them as she seemed to do every day all week. Finally, he said to Timmy, "Have you noticed that lady following us to school all week? Do you know her"?  Timmy nonchalantly replied, "Yeah, I know who she is."  The friend said, "Well, who is she"?  "That's just Shirley Goodnest," Timmy replied. "And her daughter Marcy."  "Shirley Goodnest? Who the heck is she and why is she following us"?  "Well," Timmy explained. "Every night, my mom makes me say the 23rd Psalm with my prayers, because she worries about me so much. And in the Psalm, it says, 'Shirley Goodnest and Marcy shall follow me all the days of my life,' so I guess I'll just have to get used to it!"
The nurse noticed a man in golf attire pacing up and down outside the emergency room where another golfer, who had a golf ball driven down his throat, was being treated by a doctor.  "Is he a relative of yours?" the nurse, stepping outside the room, asked the pacing golfer.   "No," replied the man. "It's my ball."
I'm the life of the party ... even when it lasts until 8 p.m.  I'm very good at opening childproof caps... with a hammer.  I'm usually interested in going home... before I get to where I am going.  I'm good on a trip for at least an hour without my aspirin, beano, antacid, etc.  I'm the first one to find the bathroom wherever I go.  I'm awake many hours before my body allows me to get up.  I'm smiling all the time because... I can't hear a word you're saying.  I'm very good at telling stories ... over and over and over and over.  I'm aware that other people's grandchildren are not as bright as mine.  I'm so cared for: long term care, eye care, private care, dental care...  I'm not grouchy, I just don't like traffic, waiting, crowds, children, politicians ...  I'm positive I did housework correctly before my mate retired.  I'm sure everything I can't find is in a secure place.  I'm wrinkled, saggy, lumpy... and that's just my left leg.  I'm having trouble remembering simple words like...  I'm now spending more time with my pillows than with my mate.  I'm realizing that aging is not for sissies!  I'm anti-everything now: anti-fat, anti-smoke, anti-noise, anti-inflammatory...  I'm walking more to the bathroom and enjoying it less.  I'm going to reveal what goes on behind closed doors... absolutely nothing!  I'm sure they are making adults much younger these days.  I'm supporting all movements now... by eating bran, prunes, and raisins.  I'm a walking storeroom of facts ... I've just lost the storeroom.  I'm a SENIOR CITIZEN and I think I am having the time of my life!!!  Now if I could only remember who sent this to me...
People who live in glass houses should make love in the basement.  Never read the fine print. There ain't no way you're going to like it.  If you let a smile be your umbrella, then most likely your butt will get soaking wet.  The only two things we do with greater frequency in middle age are urinate and attend funerals.  The trouble with bucket seats is that not everybody has the same size bucket.  To err is human, to forgive - highly unlikely.  Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?  Money can't buy happiness -- but somehow it's more comfortable to cry in a Porsche than in a Hyundai.  Drinking makes some husbands see double and feel single.  Living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.  After a certain age, if you don't wake up aching in every joint, you are probably dead. 
A man and woman are on a blind date. After being with her all evening, the man couldn't stand another minute with her. Earlier, he had secretly arranged to have a friend call him on the phone so he would have an excuse to leave if something like this happened. He was relieved when his cell phone rang.  After answering, acting shocked and then hanging up the call, he lowered his eyes, put on a grim look and said, "I have bad news. My my house is on fire."  "Wonderful!" his date said. "If yours hadn't burned, mine would have had to."
After watching the movie Cinderella, five-year-old Sarah started using her pinwheel as a magic wand, pretending she was a fairy godmother.  "Make three wishes," she told her mother, "and I'll grant them."  Her mom first asked for world peace.  Sarah swung her wand and proclaimed the request fulfilled.  Next, her mother requested for a cure for all ill children.  Again, with a sweep of the pinwheel, Sarah obliged.   The mother, with a glance down at her rather ample curves, made her third wish, "I wish to have a trim figure again."  The miniature fairy godmother started waving her wand madly. "I'll need more power for this one!" she exclaimed.   
Deep in the back woods of Tennessee, a farmer's wife went into labor in the middle of the night and the doctor was called out to assist in the delivery. Since there was no electricity, the doctor handed the father-to-be a lantern and said, "Here. You hold this high so I can see what I am doing." Soon, a baby boy was brought into the world.  "Whoa there," said the doctor, "don't be in such a rush to put that lantern down. I think there's another one coming." Sure enough, within minutes he had delivered a baby girl.  "Hold that lantern up, don't set it down there's another one!" said the doctor. Within a few minutes he had delivered a third baby.  "No, don't be in a hurry to put down that lantern, it seems there's yet another one coming!" cried the doctor.  The farmer scratched his head in bewilderment, and asked the doctor, "You think it might be the light that's attracting them?"
What steps should you take if you ever come across a dangerous animal in the wilderness?  Very large ones.
Three animals were having a drink in a cafe, when the owner asked for the money. "I'm not paying," said the duck. "I've only got one bill and I'm not breaking it."  "I've spent my last buck," said the deer.  "Then the duck'll have to pay," said the skunk. "Getting here cost me my last scent."
"Hello, hello?" shrilled a spinsterish voice over the phone. "Is this the SPCA?"  "Yes, this is the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals."  "I want you to send somebody over right away."  "What's wrong?"  "There's a horrid magazine salesman, just sitting in a tree teasing my dog."
I was inspecting a communications facilities in Alaska.  Since I had little experience in flying in small planes, I was nervous when we approached a landing strip in a snow-covered area.  The pilot descended to just a couple hundred feet, then gunned both engines, climbed, and circled back.  While my heart pounded, the passenger beside me seemed calm.   "I wonder why he didn't land," I said.  "He was checking to see if the landing strip was plowed,"  the man said.  As we made a second approach, I glanced out the window.  "It looks plowed to me," I commented.  "No," my seat mate said.  "It hasn't been cleared for some time."  "How can you tell?"  I asked.  "Because," the man informed me, "I'm the guy who drives the plow."   
A friend of mine and her husband were on vacation. They visited a church on Sunday morning.  They like to sit close to the front so they entered a pew in the second row.  Shortly after settling into the pew, an usher came up to them, tapped lightly on bench, and said, "Excuse me, this pew is saved."  Without missing a beat, the husband replied, "So are we."
Four guys are driving cross-country together -- one from Idaho, one from Iowa, one from Florida, and the last one is from New York.  After a while the man from Idaho starts pulling potatoes from his bag and throwing them out the window. The man from Iowa asks, "What the heck are you doing?" The man from Idaho says, "Man, we have so many of these darned things in Idaho -- I'm sick of looking at them!"  A few more miles, and the man from Iowa begins pulling ears of corn from his bag and throwing them out the window. The man from Florida asks, "What are you doing?" The man from Iowa replies, "Man, we have so many of these things in Iowa -- I'm sick of looking at them!"  Inspired by the others, the man from Florida opens the car door and pushes the New Yorker out.
A college professor was giving a big science test. Upon collecting the tests she noticed a note attached to one of them with a $100 bill underneath it. The note read, “One dollar per point please.”  The professor returned the test the following with $40 and a note attached. The note read, “Here's your $40 change.”  
One day a large number of forest animals were watching two skunks having a knock-down, drag-out argument.   The argument was pretty even, so they each turned their backs on the other and let go with their odor, spraying each other.   An old bear standing on the side said, “I guess they each had to get in their two scents worth.” 
A land surveyor was tasked with mapping a golf course that was expanding from 9 holes to 18 holes. He needed a stout machete to clear thick brush as he went on. Along the way, he came upon a golf club that an irate player must have hurled into the woods. It was in good condition, so he picked it up and continued on.  When he broke out of the brush onto a putting green, two golfers stared at him in awe. After all, he had a machete in one hand, a golf club in the other, and behind him was a clear-cut swath leading out of the woods.  "There," said one of the golfers, "is a guy who really hates to lose a ball!" 
An elderly lady, who lived on the third floor of a boardinghouse, broke her leg. As the doctor put a cast on it, he warned her not to climb any stairs. Several months later, the doctor took off the cast.  "Can I climb stairs now?" asked the little old lady.  "Yes," he replied.  "Thank goodness!" she said. "I'm sick and tired of shimmying up and down that drainpipe!"
Yo daddy so fat, his BVDs spell out boulevard!
The old pastor made it a practice to visit the parish school one day a week. He walked into the 4th grade class, where the children were studying the states, and asked them how many states they could name.  They came up with about 40 names. He jokingly told them that in his day students knew the names of all the states. One lad raised his hand and said, "Yes, but in those days there were only 13."
A woman goes to the doctor's and says, "Doctor, Doctor, you have to help me. Every time I go to the bathroom, DIMES come out!"  The doctor tells her to relax, go home, rest with her feet up and come back in a week. A week later the woman returns and says, "Doctor, Doctor, it's gotten worse!  Every time I go to the bathroom, QUARTERS come out!! What's wrong with me?"  Again the doctor tells her to relax, go home, rest with her feet up and come back in a week. Another week passes and the woman returns and yells, "Doctor, Doctor, I'm still not getting better! Every time I go to the bathroom, HALF-DOLLARS come out! WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH ME?!!"  The doctor says, "Relax, Relax,... you're just going through your change!"
Do you know the difference between unlawful and illegal?  One is against the law. The other is a sick bird.
A couple were travelling on a flight. An air hostess approaches the man, with an attractive lady following  right behind her, and asks, "Sir, would you like an upgrade?"   He replied, "Oh yes, thank you."  The air hostess turns to his wife and says, "Get up, let her sit here."
Just before the final exam in a college finance class, a less-than-stellar student approached the professor.  “Can you tell me what grade I would need to get on the exam to pass the course?” he asked.  The professor gave him the bad news. “The exam is worth 100 points. You would need 113 points to earn a D.”  “OK,” he said. “And how many points would I need to get a C?”
Yesterday a group of IRS Agents came in and began collecting the ceiling tiles over my tax prep desk.   "What are you doing?" I asked.  "This is where we've noticed your clients are finding there deductions! We will analyze them and get back to you."
After the church service, a little boy told the pastor, "When I grow up, I'm going to give you some money."  "Well, thank you," the pastor replied, "But why?"  "Because my daddy says you're one of the poorest preachers we've ever had." 
Yo momma is so fat, she sat on a rainbow and skittles popped out!
I said to my neighbor, "You'd better let your shutters down, because yesterday I saw you making love with your wife."  "Haha, you idiot," he replied. "I wasn't even home yesterday."
I recently had a stroke and while laying in the hospital bed the phone rang, it was the PGA.  This very proper voice said, "Is this Mr  Petty?" I mumbled a "Yes." The voice continues, "I have to tell you sir, YOUR HANDICAP HAS JUST GONE UP BY ONE STROKE!"
Q: What goes Maaaahh? A:  A scared cow
The boss ordered one of his men to dig a hole eight feet deep. After the job was completed the boss returned and explained an error had been made and the hole wouldn't be needed. "Fill 'er up," he ordered.  The worker did as he'd been told. But he ran into a problem. He couldn't get all the dirt packed back into the hole without leaving a mound on top. He went to the office and explained his problem.  The boss snorted. "Honestly! The kind of help you get these days! There's obviously only one thing to do. You'll have to dig that hole deeper!" 
A man boarded an airplane in New Orleans with a box of frozen crabs and asked a stewardess to take care of them for him.  She took the box and promised to put it in the crew's refrigerator. He advised her that he was holding her personally responsible for them staying frozen, mentioning in a very haughty manner that he was a lawyer, and proceeded to rant at her about what would happen if she let them thaw out.  Needless to say, she was annoyed by his behavior. Shortly before landing in New York, she used the intercom to announce to the entire cabin, "Would the lawyer who gave me the crabs in New Orleans, please raise your hand."  Not one hand went up . . . . so she took them home and ate them.
Why does Mozart hate chickens?  They always say, "Bach, Bach, Bach!"
Notes From An Inexperienced Chili Taster Named FRANK, who was visiting Texas from the East Coast. "Recently I was honored to be selected as a judge at a chili cook-off. The original person called in sick at the last moment, and I happened to be standing there at the judge's table asking directions to the beer wagon when the call came. I was assured by the other two judges (Native Texans) said that the chili wouldn't be all that spicy, and besides, they told me I could have free beer during the tasting, so I accepted."  Here are the scorecards from the event:  Chili # 1: Mike's Maniac Mobster Monster Chili JUDGE ONE: A little too heavy on tomato. Amusing kick. JUDGE TWO: Nice, smooth tomato flavor. Very mild. FRANK: Holy Molly, what the heck is this stuff? You could remove dried paint from your driveway. Took me two beers to put the flames out. I hope that's the worst one. These Texans are crazy.  Chili # 2: Arthur's Afterburner Chili JUDGE ONE: Smoky, with a hint of pork. Slight Jalapeno tang. JUDGE TWO: Exciting BBQ flavor, needs more peppers to be taken seriously. FRANK: Keep this out of reach of children! I'm not sure what I am supposed to taste besides pain. I had to wave off two people who wanted to give me the Heimlich maneuver. They had to rush in more beer when they saw the look on my face.  Chili # 3: Fred's Famous Burn Down the Barn Chili JUDGE ONE: Excellent firehouse chili! Great kick. Needs more beans. JUDGE TWO: A bean-less chili, a bit salty, good use of red peppers. FRANK: Call the EPA, I've located a uranium spill. My nose feels like I have been snorting Drano. Everyone knows the routine by now, get me more beer before I ignite. Barmaid pounded me on the back, now my backbone is in the front part of my chest. I'm getting half lit from all the beer.  Chili # 4: Bubba's Black Magic JUDGE ONE: Black bean chili with almost no spice. Disappointing. JUDGE TWO: Hint of lime in the black beans. Good side dish for fish or other mild foods, not much of a chili. FRANK: I felt something scraping across my tongue, but was unable to taste it, is it possible to burn-out taste buds? Sally, the barmaid, was standing behind me with fresh refills.  This not-so-attractive barmaid is starting to look HOT, just like this nuclear-waste I'm eating. Is chili an aphrodisiac?  Chili # 5: Linda's Legal Lip Remover JUDGE ONE: Meaty, strong chili. Cayenne peppers freshly ground, adding considerable kick. Very impressive. JUDGE TWO: Chili using shredded beef; could use more tomato. Must admit the cayenne peppers make a strong statement. FRANK: My ears are ringing, sweat is pouring off my forehead and I can no longer focus my eyes. I passed gas and four people behind me needed paramedics. The contestant seemed offended when I told her that her chili had given me brain damage. Sally saved my tongue from bleeding by pouring beer directly on it from a pitcher. I wonder if I'm burning my lips off? It really ticks me off that the other judges asked me to stop screaming. Texans!   Chili # 6: Vera's Very Vegetarian Variety JUDGE ONE: Thin yet bold vegetarian variety chili. Good balance of spice and peppers. JUDGE TWO: The best yet. Aggressive use of peppers, onions, and garlic. FRANK: My intestines are now a straight pipe filled with gaseous, sulfuric flames. I messed my pants when I passed gas and I'm worried it will eat through the chair. No one seems inclined to stand behind me. Can't feel my lips anymore. I need to suck on a snow cone!  Chili # 7: Susan's Screaming Sensation Chili JUDGE ONE: A mediocre chili with too much reliance on canned peppers. JUDGE TWO: Ho Hum, tastes as if the chef literally threw in a can of chili peppers at the last moment. I should note that I am worried about Judge Number 3. He appears to be in a bit of distress as he is cursing uncontrollably. FRANK: You could put a grenade in my mouth, pull the pin, and I wouldn't feel a thing. I've lost the sight in one eye, and the world sounds like it is made of rushing water. My shirt is covered with chili which slid unnoticed out of my mouth. At least during the autopsy they'll know what killed me. I've decided to stop breathing, it's too painful. I'm not getting any oxygen anyway. If I need air, I'll just suck it in through the 4 inch hole in my stomach.  Chili # 8: Helen's Mount Saint Chili JUDGE ONE: A perfect ending, this is a nice blend chili, safe for all, not too bold but spicy enough to declare its existence. JUDGE TWO: This final entry is a good, balanced chili, neither mild nor hot. Sorry to see that most of it was lost when Judge Number 3 passed out, fell over and pulled the chili pot down on top of himself. Not sure if he's going to make it. Poor Yank, wonder how he'd have reacted to a really hot chili? FRANK: (Editor's note: Judge #3 was unable to report.)
A man was driving home late one afternoon, and he was driving above the speed limit. He notices a police car with its red lights on in his rear view mirror.  He thinks, "I can outrun this guy," so he floors it and the race is on.  The cars are racing down the highway -- 60, 70, 80, 90 miles an hour. Finally, as his speedometer passes 100, the guy figures he can't outrun the cop and gives up. He pulls over to the curb.   The police officer gets out of his cruiser and approaches the car. He leans down and says, "Listen mister, I've had a really lousy day, and I just want to go home.  Give me a good excuse and I'll let you go."   The man thought for a moment and said, "Three weeks ago, my wife ran off with a police officer.  When I saw your cruiser in my rear view mirror, I thought you were that officer and you were trying to give her back to me!"  
The Creation of the PC  1. In the beginning GOD created the Bit and the Byte. And from those he created the Word.  2. And there were two Bytes in the Word; and nothing else existed. And God separated the One from the Zero; and he saw it was good.  3. And God said - Let the Data be; And so it happened. And God said - Let the Data go to their proper places. And he created floppy disks and hard disks and compact disks.  4. And God said - Let the computers be, so there would be a place to put floppy disks and hard disks and compact disks. Thus God created computers and called them hardware.  5. And there was no Software yet. But God created programs; small and big... And told them: Go and multiply yourselves and fill all the Memory.  6. And God said - I will create the Programmer; And the Programmer will make new programs and govern over the computers and programs and Data.  7. And God created the Programmer; and put him at Data Center; And God showed the Programmer the Catalog Tree and said You can use all the volumes and subvolumes but DO NOT USE Windows.  8. And God said - It is not Good for the programmer to be alone. He took a bone from the Programmer's body and created a creature that would look up at the Programmer, and admire the Programmer, and love the things the Programmer does; And God called the creature: the User.  9. And the Programmer and the User were left under the naked DOS and it was Good.  10. But Bill was smarter than all the other creatures of God. And Bill said to the User - Did God really tell you not to run any programs ?  11. And the User answered - God told us that we can use every program and every piece of Data but told us not to run Windows or we will die.  12. And Bill said to the User - How can you talk about something you did not even try? The moment you run Windows you will become equal to God. You will be able to create anything you like by a simple click of your mouse.  13. And the User saw that the fruits of the Windows were nicer and easier to use. And the User saw that any knowledge was useless since Windows could replace it.  14. So the User installed the Windows on his computer; and said to the Programmer that it was good.  15. And the Programmer immediately started to look for new drivers. And God asked him - What are you looking for? And the Programmer answered - I am looking for new drivers because I can not find them in the DOS. And God said - Who told you that you need drivers? Did you run Windows? And the Programmer said - It was Bill who told us to !  16. And God said to Bill - Because of what you did you will be hated by all the creatures. And the User will always be unhappy with you. And you will always sell Windows.  17. And God said to the User - Because of what you did, the Windows will disappoint you and eat up all your Resources; and you will have to use lousy programs; and you will always rely on the Programmers help.  18. And God said to the Programmer - Because you listened to the User you will never be happy. All your programs will have errors and you will have to fix them and fix them to the end of time.  19. And God threw them out of the Data Center and locked the door and secured it with a password.  20. GENERAL PROTECTION FAULT
A little girl picks up the phone, “Hello?”  “Hi honey. This is Daddy. Is Mommy near the phone?” Daddy asks.  “No, Daddy. She’s upstairs in the bedroom with Uncle Paul.”  After a brief pause, Daddy says, “But honey, you haven’t got an Uncle Paul.”  “Oh yes I do, and he’s upstairs in the room with Mommy, right now.”  Dad takes a second to process this, then speaks. “Uh, okay then, this is what I want you to do. Put the phone down on the table, run upstairs, knock on the bedroom door and shout to Mommy that Daddy’s car just pulled into the driveway.”  A few minutes later the little girl comes back to the phone. “I did it, Daddy!”  “And what happened, honey?” he asked.  “Well, Mommy got all scared, jumped out of bed with no clothes on and ran around screaming. Then she tripped over the rug, hit her head on the dresser and now she isn’t moving at all!”  “Oh my God! What about your Uncle Paul?”  “He jumped out of the bed with no clothes on, too. He was all scared and he jumped out of the back window and into the swimming pool. But I guess he didn’t know that you took out the water last week to clean it. He hit the bottom of the pool and I think he’s dead.”  A long, silent pause. Then Daddy says, “Swimming pool? … Is this 486-5731?”
Ole and Lena went to the same Lutheran Church. Lena went every Sunday and taught Sunday School. Ole went on Christmas and Easter and once in a while, he went on one of the other Sundays.  On one of those Sundays, he was in the pew right behind Lena and he noticed what a fine looking woman she was.  While they were taking up the collection, Ole leaned forward and said, "Hey, Lena, how about you and me go to dinner in Westby next Friday?"  "Yah, Ole, dot vould be nice," said Lena.  Well, Ole couldn't believe his luck. All week long he polished up his old Ford, and on Friday he picked Lena up and took her to the finest restaurant in Westby.  When they sat down, Ole looked over at Lena and said, "Hey, Lena, vould you like a cocktail before dinner?"  "Oh, no, Ole," said Lena. "Vat vould I tell my Sunday School class?"  Well, Ole was set back a bit, so he didn't say much until after dinner. Then he reached in his pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. "Hey, Lena," said Ole, "vould you like a smoke?"  "Oh, no, Ole," said Lena. "Vat vould I tell my Sunday School class?"  Well, Ole vas feeling pretty low after that, so he just got in his Ford and was driving Lena home when they passed the Motel. He'd struck out twice already, so he figured he had nothing to lose.  "Hey, Lena," said Ole, "how vould you like to stop at that motel with me?"  "Yah, Ole, dot vould be nice," said Lena.  Well, Ole couldn't believe his luck. He did a U-turn right then and there across the median and everything, and drove back to the motel and checked in with Lena.  The next morning Ole got up first. He looked at Lena lying there in the bed, her hair all spread out on her pillow. "Vat have I done? Vat have I done?" thought Ole.  He shook Lena and she woke up. "Lena, I've got to ask you von ting," said Ole. "Vat are you going to tell your Sunday School class?"  "Lena said, "The same ting I alvays tell dem. You don't have to smoke and drink to have a good time!" 
I tell many jokes, but they are never about unemployed people. Those jokes just don't work.
Two friends, a guy and a girl, were having a chat...  Guy:  Do you know I like a girl, but I don't think that she would like me.  Girl:   Don't worry, she will like you. I bet you ten dollars that she will definitely like you! Guy:  Okay, then fine, we have a deal. (Pause) Do you like me?  Girl:   Nope, you are not my type. Guy:  You owe me ten dollars.
Which burns longer, bagpipes or a banjo?
If you love something, set it free.  If it comes back, it was, and always will be yours.  If it never returns, it was never yours to begin with.  If it just:  *  sits in your living room, *  messes up your stuff, *  eats your food, *  uses your telephone, *  takes your money, *  and never behaves as if you actually set it free in the first place...  You either married it or gave birth to it?
OK, I'm the only female in a house full of guys.  4 sons and a hubby. Toilet seat is never down...etc.  SOOOOoooooooooo I'm the only one who would be using Female products.....correct?  A STRANGE thing was happening at my house.  Tampons were disappearing. * Insert Twilight Zone theme here *  Ok....A few months ago I went to my cupboard to get out a tampon and there was ONLY one left.  I could have sworn I had just bought a box the month before.  So, I go back to the store, buy a new box and forget about it.  The next month (T.O.M) I go back to the cupboard.....and VOILA....there is only ONE tampon left again.  What's going on here? Gremlins???  I go to the store and buy another box, and forget about it.  WELL.....I decided to clean out my two youngest sons closet and LOW and BEHOLD....at the bottom of their closet are the wrappers, applicators and the tampons themselves.  I am starting to FREAK!!!  Dear God, what are they doing with them??????  I get a hold of myself and tell myself that I am an adult and can handle this, despite the bizarre thoughts running through my mind.  I'm thinking, "Do I have enough money saved up in the bank for MAJOR THERAPY?"  I go to the top of the stairs and yell for my two youngest sons to "COME HERE!!!!"  They march up the stairs and find me in their room staring into the bottom of their closet.  I said "What are you doing with THOSE? THOSE are MINE!"  My 12 year old looks like a deer caught in the headlights and is silent.  My 10 year old looks at me all innocent and says. "Well, Mom, we were playing with our G.I.  Joes and stuff... and THOSE make really good SCUD missiles... What do YOU use them for?"  "NEVER MIND!! GO PLAY!!!!" 
I went to the doctor yesterday because I was having strange dreams.  Told the doc that one night I dreamed I was a wigwam and the next night I dreamed I was a teepee.   Doc told me to relax. I’m just two ‘tents’! 
A really dumb woman tries to use her computer, but it wouldn't work. So she calls a computer repairman to come out and fix it. The computer repairman comes and looks at the computer. He notices that it wasn't plugged in, so he plugs it in. He starts up the computer and the woman was so overjoyed that she asks him what was wrong with the computer. He replied that it was an "I D 10 T error"
The students in my third-grade class were bombarding me with questions about my newly pierced ears.  "Does the hole go all the way through?" "Yes."  "Did it hurt?" "Just a little."  "Did they stick a needle through your ears?" "No, they used a special gun."  Silence followed, and then one solemn voice called out, "How far away did they stand?"   
My grandfather has the heart of a lion...  ... and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
1. Two times a week we go to a nice restaurant, have a little beverage, good food and companionship. She goes on Tuesdays; I go on Fridays.  2. We also sleep in separate beds. Hers is in California, and mine is in Texas.  3. I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.  4. I asked my wife where she wanted to go for our anniversary. She said... 'Somewhere I haven't been in a long time!' So I suggested the kitchen.  5. We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.  6. She has an electric blender, electric toaster and electric bread maker. She said, "There are too many gadgets, and no place to sit down!" So I bought her an electric chair.  7. My wife told me the car wasn't running well because there was water in the carburetor. I asked where the car was. She told me, "In the lake."  8. She got a mud-pack, and looked great for two days. Then the mud fell off.  9. She ran after the garbage truck, yelling, "Am I too late for the garbage?" The driver said, "No, jump in!"  10. Remember: Marriage is the number one cause of divorce.  11. I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.  12. I haven't spoken to my wife in 18 months. I don't like to interrupt her.  13. The last fight was my fault though. My wife asked, "What's on the TV?" I said, "Dust!"
Q: How does Mike Tyson differ from Metallica?  A: Metallica leaves a ringing in your ears.  Mike Tyson leaves your ear in a ring. 
The Dentist's Hymn: Crown Him With Many Crowns The Weatherman's Hymn: There Shall Be Showers of Blessings The Contractor's Hymn: The Church's One Foundation The Tailor's Hymn: Holy, Holy, Holy The Golfer's Hymn: There is a Green Hill Far Away The Politician's Hymn: Standing On The Promises The Optometrist's Hymn: Open My Eyes That I May See The IRS Agent's Hymn: I Surrender All The Gossip's Hymn: Pass It On The Electrician's Hymn: Send Out Thy Light The Shopper's Hymn: Sweet By And By  For those of you who drive, if you must speed on the highway, please sing these......  45 mph: God Will Take Care Of You 55 mph: Guide Me, O Thou Great Jehovah 65 mph: Nearer My God To Thee 75 mph: Nearer Still Nearer 85 mph: This World Is Not My Home 95 mph: Lord, I'm Coming Home Over 100 mph: Precious Memories
Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock?   A: It went back four seconds.   
Q. What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?  A. An irrelephant!    
The nice thing about being senile is you can hide your own Easter eggs.
The Presbyterian Church called a meeting to decide what to do about their squirrels. After much prayer and consideration, they determined the squirrels were predestined to be there and they shouldn't interfere with God's divine will.  At the Baptist Church, the squirrels had taken an interest in the baptistery. The Elders met and decided to put a water slide on the baptistery and let the squirrels drown themselves. The squirrels liked the slide and unfortunately, knew instinctively how to swim so twice as many squirrels showed up the following week.  The Episcopal Church decided that they were not in a position to harm any of God's creatures. So, they humanely trapped their squirrels and set them free near the Baptist Church. Two weeks later the squirrels were back when the Baptists took down the water slide  But the Catholic Church came up with a very creative strategy. They baptized all the squirrels and consecrated them as members of the church. Now they only see them on Christmas and Easter.  Not much was heard from the Jewish Synagogue, but it's rumored that they took one squirrel and circumcised him. They haven't seen a squirrel on their property since.
Adam and Eve had the perfect marriage.  He didn't have to listen as she compared him to previous boyfriends and she didn't have to hear what a good cook his mother was.
A seaman meets a pirate in a bar, and they take turns to tell their adventures on the seas. The seaman notes that the pirate has a peg leg, hook, and an eye patch. Curious, the seaman asks "So, how did you end up with the peg-leg?"   The pirate replies "I was swept overboard into a school of sharks. Just as my men were pulling me out, a shark bit my leg off".   "Wow!" said the seaman. "What about the hook"?   "Well...", replied the pirate, "We were boarding an enemy ship and were battling the other sailors with swords. One of the enemy cut my hand clean off."   "Incredible!" remarked the seaman. "How did you get the eye patch"?   "A seagull dropping fell into my eye", replied the pirate.   "You lost your eye to a seagull dropping?" the sailor asked.   "Well..." said the pirate, "That was my first day with the hook."  
Once upon a time, there was a man who went to the zoo. He stopped by the gorilla cage. There is a big sign there that says "Do NOT touch the gorilla!" Somehow the man accidentally touched the gorilla.   A few minutes later he goes into his car and drives home. While he drives on the freeway he sees in his rear view mirror the gorilla driving a few feet away from home.   Being scared the man goes to an airport flying from New York to Los Angeles. He looks back on the airplane and there is the same gorilla there.   After he gets off at Los Angeles the guy tries to swim to China. After quite some time he looks back and sure enough the gorilla is also swimming to China.   When he finally reaches China, the man who is out of breath by now. Sitting down he rests for awhile. By now the gorilla is only a few feet away from him.  The guy says to him, "What do you want from me? Why do you keep chasing me?"  The gorilla taps him on the shoulder and says to the man, "Tag! You're it!"
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when they lit a fire in the craft it sank.  Thus proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
Here about the kid who at 5 cans of alphabet soup in one sitting?  They say he later had a massive 'vowel' movement.
The Bride kissed her father and placed something in his hand.  Everyone in the room was wondering what was given to the father by the bride. The father could feel the suspense in the air and all eyes were on him to divulge the secret and say something.  So he announced: "Ladies and Gentlemen, today is the luckiest day of my life." Then he raised his hands with what his daughter gave him and said, "My daughter has finally returned my Credit Card to me!!!"   The whole audience burst into laughter. But one was in complete silence... The Groom!
An artist, a lawyer, and a computer scientist are discussing the merits of a mistress.  An artist tells of the passion, the thrill which comes with the risk of  being discovered.   A lawyer warns of the difficulties. It can lead to guilt, divorce, bankruptcy. Not worth it. Too many problems.  A computer scientist says;  "It's the best thing that's ever happened to me. My wife thinks I'm with my mistress. My mistress thinks I'm home with my wife, and I can spend all night on the computer!" 
Ron was almost 29 years old. Most of his friends were already married while Ron just bounced from one relationship to the next.  Finally a friend asked him, "What's the matter, are you looking for the perfect woman? Are you THAT particular? Can't you find anyone who suits you?"  "No," Ron replied. "I meet a lot of nice women, but as soon as I bring them home to meet my parents, my mother doesn't like them. So I keep on looking!"  "Listen," his friend suggested, "Why don't you find one who's just like your dear ol' Mother?"  Many weeks passed before Ron and his friend crossed paths again.  "So Ron. Did you find the perfect woman yet? One that's just like your Mother?"  Ron shrugged his shoulders, "Yes I found one just like Mom. My mother loved her, they became great friends."  "Excellent!!! So... Are you and this girl engaged yet?"  "I'm afraid not," Ron replied, "My Father can't stand her!"
My pig developed a rash, so the veterinarian prescribed an oinkment.
I have had a really good grades since the first grade, my mother is always proud of me every time she sees my report card.  Good thing she doesn't know I always show her the same report card.
An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
One Sunday after church Mom asked her very young daughter what the lesson was about.   Her daughter answered, "Don't be scared, you'll get your quilts."  Needless to say, Mom was perplexed.  Later in the day, the Pastor stopped by for tea. Mom asked him what that morning's Sunday school lesson was about.   He said, "Be not afraid, Thy comforter is coming."   
A husband and wife were at a party chatting with some friends when the subject of marriage counselling came up.  "Oh, we'll never need that. My husband and I have a great relationship," the wife explained.  "He was a communications major in college and I majored in theater arts."  "He communicates real well and I just act like I'm listening."
"Frank, if you have 20 dollars and Bill takes away 14. What would you have?” said the teacher.  "A fight!” answers Frank. 
Two old guys were chatting...  One said to the other, "My 85th birthday was yesterday.The wife gave me an SUV."  Other guy responded, "Wow, that's amazing! Imagine, an SUV! What a great gift!"  First guy, "Yup... Socks, Underwear and Viagra!"
An uneducated father with his educated son went on a camping trip. They set up their tent and fell asleep. Some hours later, the father woke up his son.  Father: Look up to the sky and tell me what you see.   Son: I see millions of stars...   Father: And what does that tell you?   Son: Astronomically, it tells me that, there are millions of galaxies and planets out there!   Father slaps the son hard on his hand and says, "Idiot, someone has stolen our tent!"
One evening I was walking through a rather seedy section of town, when a bum walked up to me and asked me for two dollars.   First I asked him, "Will you buy booze?"   The bum replied, "No."   Then I asked, "Will you gamble it away?"   The bum said, "No."   After giving the bum the two dollars that he had asked for, I asked the bum, "Now, will you come home with me, so that my wife can see what happens to a man who doesn't drink or gamble?"   
Husband text his wife and types, "Whale you be my valentine?"  Wife replied: " Dolphinately!"
Three religious leaders walk into a bar. A Pastor, a Rabbi and a Baptist minister.  The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, some kind of a joke???" 
England's West Country is known for its charming cottage-like shops. While visiting the area, my friend peered in through one window to see shelf upon shelf of interesting looking books. So, she went inside.  A woman appeared through a beaded curtain and asked, "Can I help you?"  "No, just browsing," said my friend.  "Fine," came the reply. "But, just so you know, around here, most people knock before entering someone's home."
Two campers where hiking in the forest when all of a sudden a bear jumps out of a bush and starts chasing them.  Both campers start running for their lives when one of them stops and starts to put on his running shoes.  His partner says, "What are you doing? You can't outrun a bear!"  His friend replies, "I don't have to outrun the bear, I only have to outrun you!" 
I once bought my kid a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying “Toys not included.”
Two brothers are terrible trouble makers. They are always breaking things, stealing things, lying, and making all kinds of general trouble. The parents have tried everything to get the boys to change, to no avail.  Out of options, they ask their pastor if he can help. He says he will talk to the boys, but only one at a time. The parents drop off the youngest and go home, promising to return to get him soon. The boy sits in a chair across from the pastor's desk and they just look at each other.  Finally, the Pastor says, "Where is God?" The boy just sits there and doesn't answer. The pastor begins to look stern and loudly says, "Where is God?" The little boy shifts in his seat, but still doesn't answer.  The pastor is starting to get angry at the boy's refusal to converse and practically shouts "Where is God?"  To the pastor's surprise, the little boy jumps up out of his chair and runs out of the office. The boy leaves the church and runs all the way home, up the stairs and into his brother's room. He shuts the door and pants, "We're in BIG TROUBLE. God's missing and they think we did it!" 
Just my luck, I applied for a job as a night watchman...  I got the day shift.
Dad ask my Mom, why wont you let the boy wear his hat, coat and gloves to go out and build a snowman with the other kids?  Mom - I don't want him to stay out long enough to catch cold!
Glad I looked in the mirror, i've been looking for that hat for 2 hours!
What do you call a cow with two legs?  Lean Beef!  What do you call a cow with no legs?  Ground Beef!  What do you call it when a cow tries to jump over a barbed wire fence?  Udder Destruction!
A new pastor was visiting the homes of his parishioners.   At one house it seemed obvious that someone was at home, but no answer came to his repeated knocks at the door. Therefore, he took out a card and wrote "Revelation 3:20" on the back of it and stuck it in the door.   When the offering was processed the following Sunday, he found that his card had been returned. Added to it was this cryptic message, Genesis 3:10."   Reaching for his Bible to check out the citation, he broke up in gales of laughter.   Revelation 3:20 begins "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." Genesis 3:10 reads, "I heard your voice in the garden and I was afraid, for I was naked."
The Lone Ranger rides into town during the hottest part of summer. He stops outside a saloon and tells Tonto to run in circles around silver, waving his poncho to keep a nice breeze on the horse while he goes in for a drink.  A couple of minutes later, a man dressed in black swaggers into the bar and says, "You the Lone Ranger?" "Yes I am" the Lone Ranger replies. "Well", says the man in black, "Did ya know ya left your injun runnin?"
What do hunting, fishing and dating all have in common?   You never know when you might get lucky!!!
Three guys, stranded on a desert island, find a magic lantern containing a genie, who grants them each one wish.  The first guy wishes he was off the island and back home.  The second guy wishes the same.  The third guy says "I’m lonely. I wish my friends were back here."
Why do blonde's have TGIF written on their shoes?  So they know, Toes Go In First!
A man asked a doctor, "Doctor, will I be able to play the piano after the surgery?".  Doctor: "Sure, why not?"  Man: "Good, I couldn't play one before."
An octogenarian who was an avid golfer moved to a new town and joined the local Country Club. He went to the Club for the first time to play, but was told there wasn't anybody he could play with, because they were already out on the course.  He repeated several times that he really wanted to play. Finally, the Assistant Pro said he would play with him and would give him a 12-stroke handicap. The 80 year old said, "I really don't need a handicap, as I have been playing quite well. The only real problem I have is getting out of sand traps."  And he did play well. Coming onto the 18th, the old man had a long drive, but it landed in one of the sand traps around the hole. Shooting from the sand trap, he hit a very high ball, which landed on the green and rolled into the hole!  The Pro walked over to the sand trap where his opponent was still standing. He said, "Nice shot! But I thought you said you have a problem getting out of sand traps?"  "Well, I do! Here, help me out!"
Blonde was walking down the road with a healthy looking pig under her arm. As she passed the bus stop, someone asked, “Where did you get that?”  The pig replied, “I won her in a raffle!”
Two boys were talking and the one said to the other, “There is a easy way to get what you want.”  The other boy said, “How?” the boy replied, “Tell people you know their secret.”  The boy jumps up and runs to his dad, “I know your secret!” The dad replies, “Please don’t tell your mom here’s $10.”  The boy then runs to his mom, “I know your secret!” The mom said, “Please don’t tell your dad here’s $15.”  The boy then decides to try it on the mail man, “I know your secret!” The mail man opened his arms and said, “Come, give your dad a hug!”
A blonde and a redhead went to the bar after work for a drink, and sat on stools watching the 6 O’clock news. A man was shown threatening to jump from the Brooklyn Bridge, and the blonde bet the redhead $50 that he wouldn’t jump.  Sure enough, he jumped, so the blonde gave the redhead $50. The redhead said, “I can’t take this, you’re my friend.”  But the blonde insisted saying, “No. A bet’s a bet.”  Then the redhead said “Listen, I have to tell you that I saw this on the 5 O’clock news, so I can’t take your money.”  The blonde replied “Well, so did I, but I didn’t think he would jump again!”
What did the "T" say to "here"?  "Are we there yet?" 
Patient:  "Doctor, Doctor, I'm scared of Santa!" Doctor:  "Your suffering from Claus-trophobia."
A Rabbi and a Priest get into a car accident and it's a bad one. Both cars are totally demolished, but, amazingly, neither of the clerics is hurt. After they crawl out of their cars, the Rabbi sees the Priest's collar and says,  "So you're a Priest. I'm a Rabbi. Just look at our cars. There's nothing left, but we are unhurt. This must be a sign from God. God must have meant that we should meet and be friends and live together in peace the rest of our days."   The Priest replies, "I agree with you completely. This must be a sign from God."   The Rabbi continues, "And look at this. Here's another miracle. My car is completely demolished, but this bottle of Morgen David wine didn't break. Surely God wants us to drink this wine and celebrate our good fortune." Then he hands the bottle to the Priest.   The priest agrees, takes a few big swigs, and hands the bottle back to the Rabbi.   The Rabbi takes the bottle, immediately puts the cap on, and hands it back to the Priest.   The Priest asks, "Aren't you having any?"   The Rabbi replies, "No...I think I'll wait for the police." 
A professor of chemistry wanted to teach his 5th grade class a lesson about the evils of liquor, so he produced an experiment that involved a glass of water, a glass of whiskey, and two worms.  "Now, class. Observe closely the worms," said the professor putting a worm first into the water.   The worm in the water writhed about, happy as a worm in water could be. The second worm, he put into the whiskey. It writhed painfully, and quickly sank to the bottom, dead as a doornail.  "Now, what lesson can we derive from this experiment?" the professor asked.  Johnny, who naturally sits in back, raised his hand and wisely, responded, "Drink whiskey and you won't get worms." 
Two brothers, Ralph and Dexter, had the same routine every Sunday morning. They would each grab a 12 pack of their favorite brew and head out for a day of hunting.  They had their special field that they went to every time, but for the past few weeks their spot was really slow.  They sat in their field for hours without seeing a single bird. They finished their beers and were getting very bored. So they finally decided that it was time to find a new spot.  So Ralph and Dexter stumbled through the fields laughing and carrying on until they saw this field behind an old farmhouse just full of geese. The brothers new that they would have to get permission to hunt on this farmer's land so they used paper, rock, scissors to decide who would be the one to ask.  Dexter lost and headed up to the house to ask, while Ralph waited behind. When Dexter got up to the house the farmer said it was fine for the boys to hunt, but he had a favor to ask of Dexter before they started hunting. The farmer said,  "my prize mare is very ill and must be put down and I don't have the heart to do it. Since you are here do you think that you could do the job for me?"  For the opportunity to hunt in the field Dexter said that it would be no problem. So he thanked the farmer and headed to the barn.  Ralph came running behind Dexter to see what the farmer had said. Dexter had a pretty good buzz going and thought that he would play a joke on his young, naive little brother and said,  "That farmer won't let us hunt in his field so I'm gonna teach him a lesson."  "What are ya gonna do Dexter?" asked Ralph.  "I'm gonna shoot one of his horses.", Dexter replied.  So Dexter walked into the barn, took aim and "BANG", shot the horse.  Suddenly Dexter hears a loud "BANG! BANG!   "Let's get out of here Dexter!" Ralph Screams. "I just shot two more!"
A fifth grader class was on an educational field trip. As they rode along in the school bus, the teacher noticed that one boy was lying facedown in the aisle of the bus with his hands over his eyes.   “Why are you lying in the aisle like that?”  “Well,” said the boy, “if you don’t see anything, you don’t have to write anything.” 
The children had all been photographed, and the teacher was trying to persuade them each to buy a copy of the group picture.  "Just think how nice it will be to look at it when you are all grown up and say, There's Jennifer; she's a lawyer,'"  or  “that’s Michael, he's a doctor.'"   A small voice at the back of the room rang out,   "And there's the teacher. She's dead." 
A Veterinarian was feeling ill and went to see her doctor.  The doctor asked her all the usual questions: what were the symptoms, how long had they been occurring, etc.  Suddenly, she interrupted him  "Hey look, I'm a vet - I don't need to ask my patients these kind of questions: I can tell what's wrong just by looking." She smugly added, "Why can't you?"  The doctor nodded, stood back, looked her up and down, quickly wrote out a prescription, handed it to her and said,  "There you are.  Of course, if that doesn't work, we'll have to have you put to sleep."
Mr. Norton was in the hospital recovering from an operation when the nurse on duty received a call from a man who asked how Mr. Norton was doing.  "Oh, quite well.  We expect he'll be released in the morning."  "Very good, thank you."  "May I ask who is calling so that I can tell Mr. Norton?" inquired the nurse.  "This IS Mr. Norton.  The doctors don't tell me anything!"
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player? .... .... .... .... Because love means nothing to them.
Husband calling wife on her cell phone: Did you just try to call me?  Wife: No I didn't. Why?  Husband: Well my phone didn't ring and I just wanted to make sure it was you who wasn't calling!
Q: How much does it cost a pirate to get ear rings? A: A Buck-an-ear.
Q: Why would they not let the Pirate into the theater? A: Because it was rated rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
How do u get a crazy one armed man out of a tree?  You wave at him.
One day a curious little girl started asking her mommy questions about the origin of her little brother. She just kept asking questions and her mommy believed she should have an answer to ANY question she asked.  One question led to another and eventually the mommy had to describe to the little girl EXACTLY how the sperm got to the egg....  The little girl got a disgusted look on her face and shouted, "EEEEWWWW!!! and you and daddy had to do it TWICE!!!!"
When you combine "Red Dawn" with "Blue Velvet," do you get "Purple Rain"?
1. A day without sunshine is like night.  2. On the other hand, you have different fingers.  3. 42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.  4. 99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.  5. Remember, half the people you know are below average.  6. He who laughs last; thinks slowest.  7. Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.  8. The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.  9. Support bacteria. They're the only culture most people have.  10. A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.  11. Change is inevitable, except from vending machines.  12. If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.  13. How many of you believe in psycho-kinesis? Raise my hand.  14. OK, so what's the speed of dark?  15. When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.  16. Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.  17. How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges?  18. Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.  19. What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?  20. Why do psychics have to ask you your name?  21. Inside every older person is a younger person wondering, 'What the heck happened?'  22. Just remember -- if the world didn't suck, we would all fall off.  23. Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.  24. Life isn't like a box of chocolates. It's more like a jar of jalapenos.  What you do today, might burn your butt tomorrow. 
After the baby was baptized, her four-year-old brother was crying inconsolably in the back seat of the car. "What's the matter Johnny?" asked his concerned mother. Johnny replied: "that man said that he hoped our baby would be raised in a good Christian home...I just want her to stay with you guys."
Q: Where do you find a dog with no legs?  A: Right where you left him. 
And the Lord said to John "Come forth, and you will receive an eternal life"  But John came fifth and won a toaster.
Yo Momma so ugly the government moved "Day of the Dead" to her birthday.
An Atheist, a vegan and a CrossFitter walk into a bar. How do you know?  They'll tell you.
Two cannibals are eating a clown, and one looks at the other and says - Does this taste funny to you?
Why did the physics teacher break up with the biology teacher?  There was no chemistry.
What kind of car does a Jedi drive?  A Toy-YODA!  @dadjokehansolo
Panicking when her toddler swallowed a tiny magnet, my sister, Betty, rushed him to the emergency room.  "He'll be fine," the doctor promised her. "The magnet should pass through his system in a day or two."  "How will I be sure?" she pressed.  "Well," the doctor suggested, "you could stick him on the refrigerator. When he falls off, you'll know."
I've been diagnosed with a type of amnesia where I deny the existence of certain '80s bands...  There is no Cure.
"This is your captain speaking. On behalf of my crew I'd like to welcome you aboard British Airways flight 602 from New York to London. We are currently flying at a height of 35,000 feet midway across the Atlantic.   If you look out of the windows on the starboard side of the aircraft, you will observe that both the starboard engines are on fire. If you look out of the windows on the port side, you will observe that the port wing has fallen off.   If you look down towards the Atlantic ocean, you will see a little yellow life raft with three people in it waving at you.  That's me, the copilot, and one of the stewardesses. This is a recording."
The veteran politician, not known for his public speaking skills, was going to give a speech at the Olympics.  He looked at the teleprompter and began, "O, O, O, O, O."    An aid quickly ran over and told him, "That is the logo sir."
I've never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep.  In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
A big, burly man visited his pastor's home and asked to see the minister's wife, a woman well known for her charitable impulses.  "Madam," he said in a broken voice, "I wish to draw your attention to the terrible plight of a poor family in this district. The father of the family is dead, the mother is too ill to work, and the nine children are starving. They are about to be turned into the cold, empty streets unless someone pays their rent, which amounts to $400."  "How terrible!" exclaimed the preacher's wife. "May I ask who you are?"  They sympathetic visitor applied his handkerchief to his eyes. "I'm the landlord," he sobbed.
A man and his wife are dining at a table in a plush restaurant, and the husband keeps staring at a drunken lady swigging her drink as she sits alone at a nearby table.  The wife asks, "Do you know her?"  "Yes," sighs the husband, "she's my ex-girlfriend. I understand she took to drinking right after we split up seven years ago, and I hear she hasn't been sober since."  "My God!" says the wife. "Who would think a person could go on celebrating that long?" 
One day my housework-challenged husband decided to wash his sweatshirt. Seconds after he stepped into the laundry room, he shouted to me, "What setting do I use on the washing machine?"  "It depends," I replied. "What does it say on your shirt?"  He yelled back, "Just do it!"
Jill had applied for a job and when she returned home, her mother asked how the interview went.  "Pretty good I think," replied Jill. "But if I go to work there, I won't get a vacation unless I'm married."  Her mother, of course, had never heard of such a thing and asked, "Is that what they told you?"  "No," replied Jill, "they didn't tell me that, but on the application it said, 'Vacation time may not be taken until you've had your First Anniversary.'"
1. A mouse trap, placed on top of your alarm clock, will prevent you from rolling over and going back to sleep after you hit the snooze button.  2. If you have a bad cough, take a large dose of laxatives, then you will be afraid to cough.   3. Clumsy? Avoid cutting yourself while slicing vegetables by getting someone else to hold them while you chop away.  4. Avoid arguments with the Mrs. about lifting the toilet seat by simply using the sink.   5. For high blood pressure sufferers: simply cut yourself and bleed for a few minutes, thus reducing the pressure in your veins. Remember to use a timer.   6. Have a bad toothache? Smash your thumb with a hammer and you will forget about the toothache.   Sometimes, we just need to remember what the rules of life really are.   You only need two tools: WD-40 and Duct Tape. If it doesn't move and should, use the WD-40. If it shouldn't move and does, use the duct tape.  Remember:   * Everyone seems normal until you get to know them. * Never pass up an opportunity to go to the bathroom. * If you woke up breathing, congratulations! You get another chance. * And finally, be really nice to your family and friends; you never know when you might need them to empty your bedpan.
 John and Nancy were married for 40 years and decided they wanted to renew their vows and planned a second wedding.  They were discussing the details with their friends. Nancy wasn't going to wear a traditional bridal gown and she started describing the dress she was planning to wear. One of her friends asked what color shoes she had to go with the dress.  Nancy replied, "Silver."  At that point, her husband chimed in, "Yep, silver...to match her hair."  Shooting a glaring look at John's bald spot, Nancy's friend said, "So, John, I guess you are going barefoot then."
An elderly couple were sitting outdoors at a cafe when they noticed an old man who seemed to be having trouble crossing the street with an ungainly shuffle. The man said to his wife, "He surely has bad arthritis to walk like that."   His wife replied, "No, that's definitely old time rheumatism."   They couldn't agree so the man decided to ask the old man. He walked over to him and said, "Excuse me, sir, but my wife and I saw you having difficulty crossing the street and I told her that you have arthritis but she insisted that you have rheumatism. Which one of us was wrong?"   The old man said, "The three of us were wrong."   "Three of us were wrong? How so?" asked the man.    To which the old man replied, "You were wrong when you said I had arthritis, your wife was wrong when she said I had rheumatism, and I was wrong when I thought I just had to pass gas."
Girl: "Will you love me after marriage, also?"  Boy: "I think that'll depend on your husband."
"Are you single?"  "No, I'm plural."  "I mean are you free this Saturday?"  "No, I'm rather expensive."
A daughter asks her mother, “What are character qualities that I should look for in a marriage partner? You know, for someone that I will be spending eternity with."  The mother replied, ”Go ask your father, he did better than I did.”
Cousin It was getting tired of being just the hired hand around the Addams family household. The family had moved to the feudal nation of Armenia and It decided to run for feudal lord.  While not quite a democracy, elections were still the path to choosing the next leader who would exercise power and authority over the nation. 			 With Gomez, Morticia and Festus fiercely campaigning for their beloved candidate, election day arrived. The precincts opened, ballots were cast, and the votes were counted.  The polls had showed a close contest between the four candidates running, but when the final tally was announced, Cousin It had received the most votes.    With all the Addams family and his supporters cheering him on, Cousin It was beside himself as he approached the podium.  		 "I won! I won!" It screamed. "Bring me the wine. I'm serving!" 			 With glass raised, Gomez shouted, "When IT reigns, IT pours!"			 
What does Usain Bolt do when he misses the bus?  He waits at the next station.
Don't ever hit a guy with glasses, you could get sued...    Instead, try hitting him with paper cups...  It won't hurt him, but at least you made your point.						 
A kid gave his teacher a blank piece of paper.  Teacher: "What is this?"  Kid: "It's a drawing of a cow eating grass."  "Where's the grass?"   "The cow ate all of it."  "Then, where's the cow?"  "It left because there was no more grass." 
A man rushed into a busy doctor's office and shouted, "Doctor! I think I'm shrinking!"    The doctor calmly responded, "Now, settle down. You'll just have to be a little patient."
Sometime after William died, his widow, Beatrice, was finally able to speak about what a thoughtful and wonderful man her late husband had been.  "William thought of everything," she told them. "Just before he died, he called me to his bedside and handed me three envelopes. 'Bea,' he told me, 'I have put all my last wishes in these three envelopes. After I am dead, please open them and do exactly as I have instructed. Then, I can rest in peace'."  "What was in the envelopes?" her friends asked.  "The first envelope contained $5,000 with a note, 'Please use this money to buy a nice casket.' So I bought a beautiful mahogany casket with such a comfortable lining that I know William is resting very comfortably."  "The second envelope contained $10,000 with a note, 'Please use this for a nice funeral.' I arranged William a very dignified funeral and bought all his favorite foods for everyone attending."  "And the third envelope?" asked her friends.  "The third envelope contained $25,000 with a note, 'Please use this to buy a nice stone'."  Holding her hand in the air, Beatrice said, "So, do you like my stone?" showing off her ten carat diamond ring.
My husband and I couldn’t decide which jacket to buy our granddaughter, so we asked the young salesman.  “If you were buying a jacket for your girlfriend,” I said, “which would you get?”  “A bulletproof one,” he said. “I’m married.”
After a young couple brought their new baby home, the wife suggested that her husband should try his hand at changing diapers.  "I'm busy," he said, "I'll do the next one."  The next time came around and she asked again. The husband looked puzzled. "Oh! I didn't mean the next diaper. I meant the next baby."  
A boy breaks an old vase at a rich uncle‘s house. The uncle gets extremely angry and yells, “Do you even know how old the vase was? It was from the 17th century!”   The boy sighed in relief, “Oh good, I'm relieved that it wasn’t new.”
When using a public campground, a tuba placed on your picnic table will keep the campsites on either side vacant.
When you're falling behind, ketchup and mustard the whole situation, so that you may relish it later on.
A boy was taking care of his baby sister while his parents went to town shopping.  He decided to go fishing and he had to take her along.  "I'll never do that again!" he told his mother that evening.  "I didn't catch a thing!"  "Oh, next time I'm sure she'll be quiet and not scare the fish away," his mother said.  The boy said, "It wasn't that.  She ate all the bait."
A Duke was hunting in the forest with his men-at-arms and servants when he came across a tree. Upon it, archery targets were painted and smack in the middle of each was an arrow.  "Who is this incredibly fine archer?" cried the duke. "I must find him!"  After continuing through the forest for a few miles he came across a small boy carrying a bow and arrow. Eventually the boy admitted that it was he who shot the arrows plumb in the center of all the targets.  "You didn't just walk up to the targets and hammer the arrows into the middle, did you?" asked the duke worriedly.  "No my lord. I shot them from a hundred paces. I swear it by all that I hold holy."  "That is truly astonishing," said the duke. "I hereby admit you into my service." The boy thanked him profusely.  "But I must ask one favor in return," the duke continued. "You must tell me how you came to be such an outstanding shot."  "Well," said the boy, "first I fire the arrow at the tree... ...and then I paint the target around it." 
An elderly gentleman checked into a New York hotel. The clerk mentioned the phone service the establishment made available for calling guests who wished to rise at an early hour.  "No need for that, young man," snapped the old timer. "I always wake up at five A.M. sharp without an alarm clock."  "Very good, sir," the clerk replied, then asked, "Would you mind calling me at six?"   
After 25 years of marriage, a husband took a long look at his wife one day and said: "Twenty-five years ago, we had a cheap apartment, a cheap car, and I slept on a sofa bed, but I got to sleep every night with a sexy twenty-six year old blonde. Now, we have a nice house, a nice car and a big bed, but I'm sleeping with a fifty-one year old woman. It seems that you're not pulling your weight."  She replied calmly: "Then why don't you go out and find a sexy twenty-six year old blonde? And when you do, I'll make sure once again that you'll be living in a cheap apartment, driving a cheap car, and sleeping on a sofa bed."
A husband-and-wife photography team we know shoot their pictures together, do their developing and printing together—in fact, they’re together 24 hours of the day. We wondered how they managed to keep up such good working relations.  "Well, frankly," the wife said, "it wouldn’t work out if one of us didn’t have a good disposition."  "Which one?" we asked.  "Oh," she laughed, "we take turns."
Some preteens were hanging out near the entrance to the local hardware store.				 "Let's do something dangerous," said Billy. 				 "Like what?" asked Joey. 				 "See all those brooms hanging up in the window?" answered Billy. "I dare one of you to take one of those and run out of the store."		 		 Freddy replied, "What would that prove, Billy?" 				 "How brave we are. It'll be just for fun. And we'll return it right away and apologize." 				 "Then why don't you do it? Just go in there and grab one of those short brooms," said Joey. 				 "Aw, I was just kidding, guys," replied Billy.  "I'm not a whisk taker!"
I like the paper my final exam is on.  It fascinates me.  I can sit and stare at it for hours.
An aircraft had been waiting on the tarmac for a big thunder storm to pass and the passengers were getting impatient . The pilot made repeated apologies for the delay but it didn't sooth the angry travelers.   Finally the pilot buzzed the intercom and made this announcement, "Would you rather be down here wishing you were up there, or up there wishing you were down here?"
You hear about the skunk arrested for counterfeiting?  He was giving out bad scents!
A man was going bald and told his friends he was going to get a rabbit tattooed on his head as it was a lot cheaper than an implant or a toupée.   His friends asked how getting a rabbit tattooed on his head would help?   The man replied, "Well, at least from a distance it will look like hare."
Ken sets up his friend Mike on a blind date with a young lady-friend of his. But Mike is a little worried about going out with someone he's never seen before. "What do I do if she's really unattractive?" says Mike. "I'll be stuck with her all night."  "Don't worry," Ken says, "just go up to her door and meet her first. If you like what you see, then everything goes as planned. But just in case you need to escape, there's a 'Bad Date Rescue App' you can install on your smartphone. Schedule your phone to ring just after you meet her and answer with, 'Mom, what's the matter, are you okay?' It works every time."  So that night, Mike knocks on the girl's door and when she comes out he is awestruck at how attractive and sexy she is. He's about to speak when the girl's phone rings and she answers with, "Mom, what's the matter, are you okay?"
Why did the two cameras decide to get together for a date?	  If they clicked, they wanted to see what would develop!
I met the girl of my dreams at church yesterday. While we were rhythmically and repeatedly singing the same words over and over again to a hypnotic drum beat, we both landed eyes on each other from across the room.  I guess you could say we met by chants.						  
While on patrol, I arrested a burglar who had injured himself running from a home. He told me he had broken in and unhooked the phone before searching the home. He panicked when he heard a woman’s voice. I entered the house and heard the same voice... “If you’d like to make a call, please hang up and try your call again.”
Knock, Knock.  Who's there?  Mikey!  Mikey who?  Mikey doesn't fit in the keyhole!
Meet Shane, the Greatest Walmart Employee...  1. Shane, Quit offering extended Warranties on the fried chicken----Management 2. Shane, stop asking "Is that your final answer?" and offering  to let them phone a friend after each order----Management 3. Shane, Quit putting price tags on the Deli equipment and trying to sell them to customers---Management 4. Shane, stop implying Walmart keeps the "Good Stuff" in the back----Management 5. Shane, I don't know what "Swinecraft" is but ham cannot be sold as a building material---Management 6. Shane, THE DELI IS NOT an appropriate setting to practice your ventriloquism, please stop making puppets out of the paper bags-----Management 7. Shane, STOP putting "Stoner Approved" seals on the fried chicken----Management 8. Shane, STOP putting out samples labeled as "Mystery Meats"----Management 9. Shane, STOP putting "Some assembly required" stickers on the 8-piece chickens----Management 10. Shane, any FREE samples you offer must come from the deli department, not from electronics------ Management
Several years ago, I purchased a chest type freezer. My best friend came over to see it. She said, "My dad told me how you can tell if you have a tight seal on your freezer. If you put a dollar bill in between the top of the freezer and the bottom of the freezer and you can't pull it out, then you have a good seal."  "Wow, let's try it!" I said.  "Sorry, we can't," she began. "All I have is a ten."
The definition of "mixed feelings" is watching your mother-in-law drive your new Mercedes off a cliff.
Having been married ten years and still living in an apartment, the wife would often complain about anything, as she was tired of saving every penny to buy a "dream home."  Trying to placate her, the husband found a new apartment, within their budget. However, after the first week, she began complaining again.  Joel, she said, I don't like this place at all. There are no curtains in the bathroom. The neighbors can see me every time I take a bath.  Don't worry. replied her husband. If the neighbors do see you, they'll buy curtains.
A man, fond of practical jokes, decided late one night to send his friend a collect telegram which read: "I am perfectly well."  A week later, the joker received a heavy parcel...collect...on which he had to pay considerable charges.  Upon opening it, he found a big block of concrete which had this message:  "This is the weight your telegram lifted from my mind."
A man was complaining that his wife refused to make his morning coffee.  She shrugged and said. "In the Bible, we are told the man is to make the coffee."  He stares at her for a moment before informing her that he had never heard such a passage.  She smiled, rose and retrieved her Bible from the living room. She leafed through it for a moment before laying it on the table in front of him.  He glanced at it and sighs, seeing that she opened the Bible to: "HEBREWS".
A man was traveling north to Dallas. He needed to use the bathroom and so at a rest stop he goes into a stall. He sits down and was surprised to hear someone in the next stall say, "So how ya doing?"  The man gulps and thinks about what he should say and then decides to answer. So he clears his throat and says, "uh....I'm fine."  Then the stranger in the next stall says, "So where are you headed?"  Again the man, a little nervous answers, "Uh...I'm headin north to Dallas."  Then the stranger asked, "So what have you been up to?"  Again the man answers, "Not much, I'm actually on a business trip."  The man sat there waiting for another question when finally he heard the stranger in the next stall impatiently say, "Look, I'm going to have to call you back, some idiot in the next stall thinks I'm talking to him." 
Neighbor: Why do you allow your wife to drink so much?  Me: Ever seen how she acts sober?  
Behind every successful man there is a strong, supportive woman... and a very surprised mother-in-law! 
I have to admit, I am a pretty smart guy. I know all the right answers! 		 Unfortunately, everyone asks me all the wrong questions. 		 
There's this 'not-so-bright' young woman out for a walk. She comes to a river and sees another woman on the opposite bank.  "Yoo-hoo" she shouts, "how can I get to the other side?"  The second woman looks up the river, then down the river, then shouts back, "You are on the other side." 
My brother was sort of odd. I remember once on his birthday he fell down a dry well, so we lowered his birthday cake to him.   He didn't even tug on the rope to say thanks.
The first guy said, “My wife, she thinks so much of me that she won’t let me do any work around the house. It’s incredible.”  The second guy says, “That’s nothing. My wife thinks I’m God.”  “She thinks you’re God? What makes you say that?”  “Every night at dinner time, she places a burnt offering before me.”
After many years of studying at a university, I’ve finally become a PhD… or Pizza Hut Deliveryman as people call it.
MONDAY: Today I made angel food cake. The recipe said beat 12 eggs separately. The neighbors were nice enough to loan me some extra bowls.  TUESDAY: Fruit salad for supper. The recipe said serve without dressing. So I didn't dress. What a surprise when my friends came over for supper.  WEDNESDAY: A good day for rice. The recipe said wash thoroughly before steaming the rice. It seemed kinda of silly but I took a bath. I can't say it improved the rice any.  THURSDAY: New salad recipe: prepare ingredients, then toss on a bed of lettuce one hour before serving. This led to the neighbors wondering whey  why I was rolling around in the garden.  FRIDAY: I found an easy recipe for cookies. It said put all ingredients in bowl and beat it. There must have been something wrong with this recipe. When I got back, everything was the same as when I left.  This has been a very exciting week. I am eager for tomorrow to come so I can try out another new recipe on. If we could just get a bigger oven, I would like to do a Chocolate Moose.
During a 50th anniversary wedding celebration, the father of the bride was asked to give a brief account of the benefits achieved from being married for so long.  He stood up, thought for a long moment, then said, "Well, I've learned that marriage is the best teacher of all. It teaches you loyalty, meekness, forbearance, self-restraint, forgiveness, and...." he paused.  "And?" someone cried out from the back of the room.  "... and a great many other qualities you wouldn't have needed if you'd stayed single!"  
A Polish man moved to the United States and married an American girl. Although his English was far from perfect, they got along very well — until one day he rushed into a lawyer’s office and asked him if he could arrange a divorce for him. The lawyer said that getting a divorce would depend on the circumstances, and asked him the following questions:   Lawyer: "Have you any grounds?"  Man: "Yes, an acre and a half and a nice little home."  Lawyer: "No, I mean what is the foundation of this case?"  Man: "It’s made of concrete."  Lawyer: "I don't think you understand. Does either of you have a real grudge?"  Man: "No, we have a carport."  Lawyer: "I mean, what are your relations like?"  Man: "All my relations are still in Poland."  Lawyer: "Is there any infidelity in your marriage?"  Man: "We have a high-fidelity stereo and good DVD player."  Lawyer: "Does your wife beat you up?"  Man: "No, I always wake up before her."  Lawyer: "Sir, exactly why do you want this divorce?"  Man: "She's going to kill me."  Lawyer: "What makes you think that?"  Man: "I have proof."  Lawyer: "What kind of proof?"  Man: "She is going to poison me. She bought a bottle and put it on the shelf in the bathroom. I can read it and it says ... 'Polish remover.' "
Q: How does a homeschooler change a light bulb?  A: First, mom checks out three books at the library on electricity, then the kids make models of light bulbs, read a biography of Thomas Edison and do a skit based on his life. Next, everyone studies the history of lighting methods, wrapping up with dipping their own candles. Next, everyone takes a trip to the store where they compare types of light bulbs as well as prices and figure out how much change they'll get if they buy two bulbs for $1.99 and pay with a five-dollar bill. On the way home, a discussion develops over the history of money and also Abraham Lincoln, as his picture is on the five-dollar bill. Finally, after building a homemade ladder out of branches dragged from the woods, the light bulb is installed and there is light.
One day, an Eskimo family arrived in New York City.  This was the first time out of their native village, and it didn't take long before the wife got lost. The husband asked a passerby for help and was told to go to the police and report it.  When he got there, a police officer asked him for the wife's description. "What's that?" asked the husband.  "Well, you see a description is telling what something looks like.  For example, my wife is 25-years-old, 5'11", 140 lbs, 38-25-36 measurements.  Now, what can you tell me about your wife?"  "The heck with her, lets go look for yours!"
How hot is it?  The birds have to use potholders to pull worms out of the ground. The trees are whistling for the dogs. The best parking place is determined by shade instead of distance. Hot water now comes out of both taps.  You can make sun tea instantly. You learn that a seat belt buckle makes a pretty good branding iron. The temperature drops below 95 and you feel a little chilly. You discover that in August it only takes 2 fingers to steer your car.  You discover that you can get sunburned through your car window. You actually burn your hand opening the car door. You break into a sweat the instant you step outside at 7:30 a.m. Your biggest bicycle wreck fear is, "What if I get knocked out and end up lying on the pavement and cook to death?"  You realize that asphalt has a liquid state. The potatoes cook underground, so all you have to do is pull one out and add butter, salt and pepper. Farmers are feeding their chickens crushed ice to keep them from laying boiled eggs. The cows are giving evaporated milk.
Two bats and a bunny walk into a restaurant and order a round of pizzas. The waiter brings out the order, and when they're finished he says, "That'll be 68 bucks, guys."  The bunny pays, and the waiter says, "We don't get a lot of customers like you guys in here, you know."  The bunny says, "At 68 bucks for three small pizzas, I'm not surprised." 
A boy was bagging groceries at a supermarket. One day the store installed a machine for squeezing fresh orange juice.  Intrigued, the young man asked if he could be allowed to work the machine, but his request was denied.  Said the store manager, "Sorry, kid, but baggers can't be juicers."
What does a basketball player do when he or she loses their eyesight?   Become a referee. 
A guy and his wife were cleaning out the attic one day when he came across a ticket from the local shoe repair shop. The date stamped on the ticket showed that it was over 11 years old. They both laughed and tried to remember which of them might have forgotten to pick up a pair of shoes over a decade ago.  "Do you think the shoes will still be at the shop?" the man asked.  "Not very likely," his wife said.  "It's worth a try," he said, pocketing the ticket. He went downstairs, hopped in the car and drove to the shoe shop. With a straight face, he handed the ticket to the man behind the counter. With a face just as straight, the man said, "Just a minute. I'll have to look for these."  He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop. Two minutes later, the man called out, "Here they are!"  "No kidding," the customer called back. "That's terrific! Who would have thought they'd still be here after all this time?"  The man came back to the counter, empty handed. "They'll be ready on Thursday," he said calmly.
On New Year's Eve, Patty stood up in the local bar and said that it was time to get ready. At the stroke of midnight, she wanted everyone to be standing next to the one person who made their life worth living.  As the clock struck 12, chaos erupted as the bartender was almost crushed to death. 
Yo momma's so lactose intolerant, human kindness makes her throw up!
After the honeymoon, the new wife tells her husband, “I think it’s time for you to stop playing golf. In fact, you might as well sell all of your clubs.”  The husband replies, “You’re starting to sound like my ex-wife.”  His wife says, “I thought you said you’ve never been married before?”  The husband says, “I haven’t.”
The father of five children had won a toy at a raffle. He called his kids together to ask which one should have the present.   “Who is the most obedient?” he asked. “Who never talks back to mother? Who does everything she says?”   Five small voices answered in unison. “Okay, dad, you get the toy.”
A man being tried for murder happens to know one of the jurors. Before jury deliberation, the man finds a way to contact his friend and emphatically demands that he vote for life in prison with the possibility of parole. The friend agrees.   The jury deliberates for a week and returns a verdict of guilty with life imprisonment. The convicted man phones his friend and asks why it took so long for the verdict.  His friend says, "It took me a long time to convince the other jurors for life imprisonment."  "Why is that?"  "Because they wanted to acquit you!"
Q:  What do you call a bunch of chess players bragging about their games in a hotel lobby?  A:  Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Tequila is an excellent teacher...  Just last night it taught me to count...  One Tequila, Two Tequila, Three Tequila, Floor!
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one...  He's never gonna give you 'Up'!
Sadly, Dr. Moan fell into a well and broke his collarbone.   Dr. Moan should tend to the sick, and leave the well alone.
The wife chewed out her husband at the company picnic awhile back. "Doesn't it embarrass you that people have seen you go up to the buffet table five times?"  "Not a bit," the husband replied. "I just tell them I'm filling up the plate for you!"
Did you know O.J. Simpson is a fan of Peyton Manning?  Yep, he likes slow white Broncos.
Buy a dog a toy and the dog will play with it forever...  Buy a cat a toy and the cat will play with the wrapper for 10 minutes.
Irony: The opposite of wrinkly 
A major speaker for the annual auto dealers convention was visiting the rest room just before he was to speak to the 10,000 members. He was asked, "Are you our special speaker?"  "Yes, I sure am and I am excited to be here," he replied.  "Are you nervous?"  "No, I'm never nervous before I give a big speech."  "If you are not nervous, then what are you doing in the ladies room?"
Joe and Mark, two small-town merchants were visiting New York City for the first time to attend a conference. There was a large party thrown, with lots of food and refreshments. At the end of the party, they both went outside.  Joe crossed the street, while Mark wandered into a subway entrance. When Joe came back, he noticed Mark emerging from the subway stairs.  "Where did you go?" Joe asked enthusiastically.  "I don't know," gushed Mark, "but you should see the train set that guy has in his basement!"
Of all my wife's relatives, the only ones I can stand to be around are her in-laws. 
What did the hungry cow shout out to the farmer as he was walking by? 	 "HAAAAAY!!!!"	 
I saw some footage from Scotland showing the Loch Ness monster actually posting something on MySpace.    It is obviously a fraud.  NO ONE uses MySpace anymore.	 
A football coached was asked about his star lineman. The coach replied, "He doesn't know the meaning of the word fear. In fact, I have seen his grades and there are a lot of words he doesn't know the meaning of!" 
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards?  A receding hare-line.
Two vacuum cleaners are arguing...	  "You suck!"		 "No, you suck!"		  "You suck worse!"		 "I don't suck!"		  "Why not?"		 "I'm not plugged in!"		 
Years ago, when my daughter was expecting her second baby, my husband and I traveled to the Air Force base where they were stationed so we would be able to take care of their first daughter when the new baby was born.  We arrived at their house in the evening and little Jane was bathed and ready for bed. Her mother told her to go tell everyone good night so she dutifully kissed everyone, including her mother's tummy and told us all goodnight and scampered down the hallway.  Suddenly she stopped and said, "Oh I forgot." Running over to her grandpa she reached up and kissed his rather portly stomach and announced quite matter-of-factly, "I forgot to kiss grandpa's baby goodnight."
Question: What’s the difference between a software problem and a hardware problem in laymen terms?   Answer: A software “problem” is like joining the debate team and finding out your first opponent was last years champion.   A hardware “problem” is like joining the wrestling team and finding out your first opponent is the captain of the other team and his name happens to be G.O. Rilla.  
If you ever need to know something, ask a teenager, they know everything!
A company offered tours through the historic district, led by guides dressed in Colonial clothing.  While leading a group, one of the guides, tripped and fell, breaking his wrist.   He went to the hospital, and as he sat waiting in the emergency room, a policeman walked by. Doing a double take at him in his 18th-century garb he asked, "Just how long have you been waiting?"
When tupperware gets a crack in it, do you perform plastic surgery?						 
The supermarket had a sale on boneless chicken breasts and I intended to stock up. At the store, however, I was disappointed to find only a few skimpy pre-packaged portions of the poultry, so I complained to the butcher.  "Don't worry," she said, "I'll pack some more trays and have them ready for you by the time you finish shopping."  Several aisles later, I heard the lady butcher's voice boom over the public-address system... "Will the gentleman who was looking for bigger breasts please meet me at the back of the store."  
On a first date, the young man thought he'd impress the young lady, a piano and voice teacher, by taking her to a karaoke bar.   After going up and singing a song, and now feeling confident as ever, he thought he'd ask a music question to impress her even more. He asked her, "What key did I sing that in?"  She replied, "Most of them."
I ask my 85 year old grandfather at what age does someone lose interest in the opposite sex.  His answer was he did not know and suggested I ask someone older than him.
What do you call a deer with no eyes?  No I deer!
A couple was golfing one day on a very, very exclusive golf course lined with million-dollar houses.  On the third tee, the husband said, "Honey, be very careful when you drive the ball. Don't knock out any windows. It'll cost us a fortune to fix."  The wife teed up and shanked it right through the window of the biggest house on the course.  The husband cringed and said, "I told you to watch out for the houses. All right, let's go up there, apologize, and see how much this is going to cost."  They walked up and knocked on the door. A voice said, "Come on in. They opened the door and saw glass all over the floor and a broken bottle lying on its side in the foyer.  A man on the couch said, "Are you the people who broke my window?"  "Uh, yeah. Sorry about that," the husband replied.  "No, actually, I want to thank you. I'm a genie who was trapped for a thousand years inside that bottle. You've released me. I'm allowed to grant three wishes -- I'll give you each one wish, and I'll keep the last one for myself."  "Okay, great!" the husband said. "I want a million dollars a year for the rest of my life."  "No problem -- it's the least I could do. And you, what do you want?" the genie said, looking at the wife.  "I want a house in every country of the world," she said.  "Consider it done," the genie replied.  "And what's your wish, genie?", the husband said.  "Well, since I've been trapped in that bottle, I haven't been with a woman in a thousand years. My wish is to sleep with your wife."  The husband looked at the wife and said, "Well, we did get a lot of money and all those houses, honey. I guess I can look the other way."  The genie took the wife upstairs and ravished her for two hours. After it was over, the genie rolled over, looked at the wife, and said, "How old is your husband, anyway?"  "Thirty-five," she replied.  "And he still believes in genies? That's amazing."
I do not believe in diets. The closest I've been to a diet is erasing the food searches from my browser history.
Patient- Dr. How much it will cost me to extract my two teeth? Dentist- $300 US dollars   Patient- How much time it will take? Dentist- Five minutes   Patient- Five minutes only & it's $300 US dollars! Don't you think that is too expensive? Dentist- I can do it in 30 minutes if you want?
San Francisco ballet just announced that Draymond Green of the Golden State Warriors will be appearing in their upcoming production of The Nutcracker.
There are two flies on the ceiling. One fly says to the other fly, "Don't look now, but your man's open!" 
When two people love each other, nothing is impossible... Except deciding where to eat.
Way back in the time of the samurai, there was a powerful emperor. This emperor needed a new head samurai. So he sent out a message to everybody he knew for them to send a message to who they knew, and so forth.  A year passes and only three people show up: a Japanese samurai, a Chinese samurai, and a Jewish samurai. The emperor asks the Japanese samurai to come in and demonstrate why he should be head samurai.   The Japanese samurai opens up a matchbox, and out pops a little fly. WHOOOOOSH. The fly drops dead on the ground in 2 pieces!   The emperor says, "That is very impressive!"  Then the emperor asks the Chinese samurai to come in and demonstrate why he should be head samurai.   The Chinese samurai opens up a matchbox and out pops a little fly. WHOOOOOSH. WHOOOOOSH. The fly drops dead on the ground in 4 pieces!   The emperor says, "That is really impressive!"  Then the emperor asks the Jewish samurai to come in and demonstrate why he should be head samurai. The Jewish samurai thinks, "If it works for the other two..."   So the Jewish samurai walks in, opens a matchbox, and out pops a little fly. WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSHHHH! A gust of wind fills the room, but the fly is still buzzing around.  The emperor says in disappointment, "Why is the fly not dead?"  And the Jewish samurai replies, "Look closer, that fly has been circumcised!"
The geologist's theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground.
One day at home the phone rings and Joe answers it. On the other end is a confused woman who asks, "Who is this?"  "This is Joe. With whom did you wish to speak with?"  After a pause the woman says, "Did you just say whom?"   "Yes, I did."  "Then you're definitely not my son!"  
Two aliens landed their spacecraft in a creek next to a rural farm. They disembarked the saucer, getting themselves soaked from the muddy water.  The first person the aliens saw was a ten year old boy fishing close by. The aliens said, "We want to see your leader but we don't know what to expect?"  The boy replied, "Well, I suspect you'll get grounded for two weeks for tracking mud in the house." 
My aging father who definitely qualifies as your stereo typical “grumpy old man” hasn’t adjusted well to technology.    Mistakenly I taught him how to send text messages.   After a week of pure mayhem and upsetting most every family member, he blames “auto correct” for putting words in his mouth. Apparently he doesn’t seem to understand that auto correct won’t fix an entire paragraph. 
I accompanied my husband when he went to get a haircut. Reading a magazine, I found a hairstyle I liked for myself. I asked the receptionist if I could take the magazine next door to make a copy of the photo.  "Leave some ID, a driver's license or a credit card," she said.  "But my husband is here getting a haircut," I explained.  "Yes," she replied. "But I need something you'll come back for."   
I woke up in the hotel this morning and the housekeeper was banging on the door, just banging away.  Finally, I had to get up and let her out.
Research shows these are the top US vacation destinations according to occupation:   Artists... Painted Desert, Arizona  Athletes... Olympia Heights, Florida  Candy Makers... Carmel, Indiana  College Professors... University City, Missouri  Ecologists... Green Bay Wisconsin  Firefighters... Smokey Mountains  Geologists... Stone Mountain, Georgia  Gossip Columnists... Grapevine, Texas   Helicopter Pilots... Hoover, Alabama  Home Builders... New Castle, Pennsylvania  Jewelers... Pearl City, Hawaii  Landscapers... Garden City, Michigan  Lawyers... Accident, Maryland  Loan Officers... Fairbanks, Alaska  Lumber Jacks... Thousand Oaks, California  Manicurists... Finger Lakes, New York  Optometrists... Plainview, New York   Pastors... Chapel Hill, North Carolina  Pianists... Florida Keys  Podiatrists... Arches National Park, Utah  Politicians... Dodge City, Kansas  Real Estate Salesmen... Loveland, Colorado  Refrigerator Repairmen... Chilum, Maryland  Retired Army Officers... East Point, Georgia  Sailors... Marina, California  Sheriffs... Marshalltown, Iowa  Tree Trimmers... Long Branch, New Jersey  TV Evangelists... Paradise, California 
A dying grandma tells her grandchild, "I want to leave you my farm. That includes the barn, livestock, the harvest, the tractor, and other equipment, the farmhouse and $24,548,750.45 in cash."   The grandchild, absolutely floored and about to become rich says, "Oh grandma, you are SO generous! I didn't even know you had a farm. Where is it?"   With her last breath, Grandma whispered, "Facebook..."   
There once was a Native American who had only one testicle and whose given name was ‘Onestone’. He hated that name and asked everyone not to call him Onestone. After years and years of torment, Onestone finally cracked and said, "If anyone calls me Onestone again I will kill them!"  The word got around and nobody called him that any more. Then one day a young woman named Blue Bird forgot and said, "Good morning, Onestone."  He jumped up, grabbed her and took her deep into the forest where he made love to her all day and all night. He made love to her all the next day, until Blue Bird died from exhaustion. The word got around that Onestone meant what he promised he would do. Years went by and no one dared call him by his given name until a woman named Yellow Bird returned to the village after being away. Yellow Bird, who was Blue Bird’s cousin, was overjoyed when she saw Onestone.  She hugged him and said, ‘Good to see you, Onestone.’  Onestone grabbed her, took her deep into the forest, then he made love to her all day, made love to her all night, made love to her all the next day, made love to her all the next night, but Yellow Bird wouldn’t die!  Why? Everyone knows… You can’t kill Two Birds with OneStone! 
Judge: Do you mix horse meat with chicken? Defendant: Yes, my lord. Judge; How much. Defendant: 50:50 Judge: Please elaborate. Defendant: One horse to one chicken.
A man who'd just died is delivered to a local mortuary and he's wearing an expensive, expertly tailored black suit. The mortician asks the deceased's wife how she would like the body dressed, pointing out that the man does look good in the black suit he is already wearing.  The widow, however, says that she always thought her husband looked his best in blue, and that she wants him in a blue suit. She gives the mortician a blank check and says, "I don't care what it costs, but please have my husband in a blue suit for the viewing."  The woman returns the next day and to her delight, she finds her husband dressed in a gorgeous blue suit with a subtle chalk stripe. The suit fits him perfectly. She says to the mortician, "Whatever this cost, I'm very satisfied. You did an excellent job and I'm very grateful. How much did you spend?" To her astonishment, the mortician presents her with the blank check, "There's no charge."  "No, really, I must compensate you for the cost of that exquisite blue suit," she says.  "Honestly, ma'am," the mortician says, "it cost nothing. You see, a deceased gentleman of about your husband's size was brought in shortly after you left yesterday, and he was wearing an attractive blue suit. I asked his wife if she minded him going to his grave wearing a black suit instead, and she said it made no difference as long as he looked nice.... So I just switched the heads."
What do you call a male dog with no legs?  It doesn't make a difference what you call him, he can not come any way.
Two engineering students meet on campus one day. The first engineer calls out to the other, "Hey -- Nice bike! Where did you get it?"  "Well," replies the other, "I was walking to class the other day when this pretty, young coed rides up on this bike. She jumps off, takes off all of her clothes, and says 'You can have ANYTHING you want!'"  "Good choice," says the first, "her clothes wouldn't have fit you anyways."
Husband takes the wife to a disco. There’s a guy on the dance floor break dancing, moonwalking, back flips, the works. The wife turns to her husband and says, "See that guy? 25 years ago he proposed to me and I turned him down."  Husband says, "Looks like he’s still celebrating!" 
The Irish gave the Scots the Bagpipes as a cruel joke that was taken seriously.
I like reading so much, I just started speed-reading. Last night, I read “War and Peace" in 5 seconds! I know it's only three words, but, hey, it's a start.
A little boy opened the big family Bible. He was fascinated as he fingered through the old pages. Suddenly, something fell out of the old Bible. He picked up the object and looked at it. What he saw was an old leaf that had been pressed between the pages. “Mama, look what I found," the boy called out. "What have you got there, dear?" With astonishment in the young boy's voice, he answered, "I think it's Adam's underwear!"
A man and his wife had been arguing all day. As evening approached, they decided it would be best if they didn't speak for a while.   The evening passes and as they are reading themselves for bed, the husband remembers that he has an early morning meeting. Not wanting to be the first to break their silence, he writes a note, asking his wife to wake him at 6 AM, then leaves it on her makeup table where she is certain to see it.   He goes to bed with a smile on his face, knowing that when she woke him, she wold speak first and loose the argument.  He wakes in the morning and is angered to see that it is after 9. He stalks to his wife's makeup table to see if she had seen his note.  Next to the note he had written was a note she wrote. It said, "Wake up!"
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the basketball team?  She ran away from the ball....
Doug Smith is on his deathbed and knows the end is near. His nurse, his wife, his daughter and 2 sons are with him. He asks for 2 witnesses to be present and a video recorder be in place to record his last wishes, and when all is ready he begins to speak:  My son, “Bernie, I want you to take the Mayfair houses.”  My daughter “Sybil, you take the apartments over in the east end.”  My son, “Jamie, I want you to take the offices over in the City Center.”  “Sarah, my dear wife, please take all the residential buildings on the banks of the river.”  The nurse and witnesses are blown away as they did not realize his extensive holdings, and as Doug slips away, the nurse says, “Mrs. Smith, your husband must have been such a hard-working man to have accumulated all this property”.  Sarah replies, “Property?…. the old bugger had a newspaper route!”  
Two men were playing golf one morning. One of them was on the green preparing to putt when a funeral procession started passing on the road next to the golf course. The man preparing to putt paused from his game and bowed his head respectfully until the procession had passed.  When he finished his putt, his partner remarked, "That was really respectful of you to pause for that funeral procession!"  His buddy replied, "Well, I was married to her for 35 years!"
3 men decided to confess their most intimate secrets about themselves to each other to lessen their load of guilt.  Man #1 said that he had a gambling problem, so every night he would sneak out to go the casino.  Man #2 said that he was a cheater and would cheat at about anything or anyone.  Man #3 said that he was a gossiper and couldn't wait to get back into town to tell everyone about their secrets.
A mechanic was removing a cylinder head from the engine of a Harley Davidson motorcycle when he spotted a well-known heart surgeon in his shop. The mechanic shouted across the garage, "Hey, Doc, can I ask you a question?" The surgeon a bit surprised, walked over to the mechanic working on the motorcycle. The mechanic straightened up, wiped his hands on a rag and asked, "So Doc, look at this engine. I open its heart, take the valves out, fix 'em, put 'em back in, and when I finish, it works just like new. So how come I get such a small salary and you get the really big bucks, when you and I are doing basically the same work?"  The surgeon paused, smiled and leaned over, and whispered to the mechanic... "Try doing it with the engine running."  
A teacher was helping one of her kindergarten students put his boots on.  He asked for help and she could see why. She tried pulling and pushing, but the boots still didn't want to go on.  When the second boot was on, she had worked up a sweat. She almost whimpered when the little boy said, "Teacher, they're on the wrong feet."  She looked and sure enough, they were. It wasn't any easier pulling the boots off then it was putting them on. She managed to keep her cool as together they worked to get the boots back on - this time on the right feet.  He then announced, "These aren't my boots." She bit her tongue rather than get right in his face and scream, "Why didn't you say so?" like she wanted to. Once again she struggled to help him pull the ill-fitting boots off.  He then said, "They're my brother's boots. My Mom made me wear them." She didn't know if she should laugh or cry. She mustered up the grace to wrestle the boots on his feet again.  She said, "Now, where are your mittens?"  He said, "I stuffed them in the toes of my boots..."
So a duck walks into a bar and asks the Bartender, "Got any gwapes?"  The bartender says, "No!".  The duck walks out, comes back the next day and asks the Bartender, "Got any gwapes?"  The bartender says, "No!".  The duck walks out, comes back the next day and asks the Bartender, "Got any gwapes?"  The bartender says, "No! And if you come back again I'll staple your beak to the bar".  The duck walks out, comes back the next day and asks the Bartender, "Got any staples?"  The bartender says, "No!".  "Got any gwapes"?
“Hey Doc. What’s the news?”  “I got bad news and even badder news.”  “I’ll take the bad news first.”  “You’re going to die in one day.”  “Man that is bad news, what can be even badder than that???"  “I was trying to reach you since yesterday.” 
A man was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, “You are beautiful.” Then he fell asleep again.  His wife had never heard him say that, so she stayed by his side. A few minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, “You are cute!”  The wife was disappointed because instead of "beautiful,” it was now “cute.” She said, “What happened to ‘beautiful’?”  Her husband replied, “The drugs are wearing off!” 
Where do you get dragon milk?   From cows with short legs!
In the wild wild west, two cowboys are claiming to be the best gunners and decide to hold a contest. An apple is placed on the barmen's head and cowboys have to shoot and hit the target apple at 15 feet distance.    First cowboy stands at 15 feet away, pulls out his gun and shoots the apple successfully hitting the target. So proud of his gun skills, cowboy blows the smoke off the barrel and says, "I am Red Kitt!" Spectators in the bar applaud and congratulate him.  Second cowboy stands up, pulls his gun and shoots the apple and he too successfully hits the target. He blows the smoke away from the barrel of his gun and proudly says, "I am Billy the Kid!" Again everyone applauds and congratulates the cowboy.   A Martian (foreigner) sitting among the spectators thinks he could do just as good, gets up, asks for another apple to be placed on the barmen's head. He stands 15 feet away, pulls his gun, and "bang" he shoots and kills the barmen. Everyone is stunned but within few moments, Martian recollects himself, blows the smoke off the gun barrel and proudly says, "I am sorry!"
After tucking their three-year-old child Sammy in for bed one night, his parents heard sobbing coming from his room.  Rushing back in, they found him crying hysterically. He managed to tell them that he had swallowed a penny and he was sure he was going to die. No amount of talking was helping.  His father, in an attempt to calm him down, palmed a penny from his pocket and pretended to pull it from Sammy's ear. Sammy was delighted.  In a flash, he snatched it from his father's hand, swallowed, and then cheerfully demanded, "Do it again, Dad!" 
Five Ways To Shake Up Thanksgiving  1. During the middle of the meal, turn to mom and say, "See mom, I told you they wouldn't notice that the turkey was four months past its expiration date. You were worried for nothing."  2. When everyone goes around to say what they are thankful for, say, "I'm thankful I didn't get caught" and refuse to say anything more.  3. Load your plate up high, then take it to the kitchen, toss it all in the blender, and take your "shake" back to the table. Announce that it's the new Thanksgiving Weight Loss Shake.  4. Prepare a several hour long speech to give when asked about your thankfulness. If necessary, insist that no one leave or eat until you have finished the speech.  5. Bring a date that only talks about the tragic and abusive conditions known to exist at turkey farms. Request that she bring photos. 
It used to be cool to have a Gold tooth, now its a cheap Bluetooth!!!
The little boy was so excited because his mom told him he is getting a baby brother.  He repeated that to his teacher every day, when he came to school, “I’m getting a brother.”  One day his mom allowed him to feel the baby’s kicks in her belly. The next day he came to school and didn’t say anything to his teacher, so the teacher asked him, what happened to his brother.  He replied, “I think mommy ate him.” 
One day Dan asks Bob, “So Bob what did you get for Christmas?”  Then Bob says to Dan, “Oh see that brand new red Ferrari outside?”  Dan says, “OOOOH WOW!!!”  Bob says, “Ya, I got the same exact color tie!” 
One man says to another man, "I nicknamed my wife after a flower. I call her 'Rose."   Second man says, "I nicknamed my wife after a flower also! I call her snapdragon!"
There's only two ways to argue with a woman...  And neither one of them work.
A guy is at a bar, staring at his drink. Then a big truck driver comes up, takes the drink and chugs it down. The poor man starts crying. The trucker says, "I was just joking. Here, I'll buy you another drink. I just can't stand seeing a man crying." ... "No, it's not that. This day is the worst of my life. First, I fall asleep, and I'm late to work, so my boss fires me. When I leave, I discover my car was stolen. I get a cab to return home and realize I left my wallet in the cab. I go home and find my wife sleeping with the gardener. I leave, come to this bar and just as I was thinking about putting an end to my life, you show up and drink my poison."
A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.  The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"  The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce."  The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.  When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?"  The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?" 
As a concierge at a posh resort, I was often asked about the ski facilities. One day a couple who had just checked in after a long flight came by and asked me where the lift was.  "Go down the hill," I told them, "out the door, past the pool, 200 yards down the block, and you'll see it on your right."  Their tired faces suddenly looked even more exhausted, until the man behind them spoke up.  "They're from England," he said. "I think they're looking for the elevator." 
Do you know why women in Milwaukee, Wisconsin won't drink beer on the beach?  They don't want to get sand in their Schlitz.
An Investment Broker asked his client if he wanted to get a hot tip and the client naturally said, "yes." "Well, we heard that Colonel Sanders is buying out Schick razor company," said the broker. Client:  "Are they going to change their name?" Broker:  "I heard that they were going to call it Chicken-Schick"
An elderly lady was well-known for her faith and for her boldness in talking about it. She would stand on her front porch and shout "PRAISE THE LORD!"  Next door to her lived an atheist who would get so angry at her proclamations he would shout, "There ain't no Lord!!" Hard times set in on the elderly lady, and she prayed for GOD to send her some assistance. She stood on her porch and shouted "PRAISE THE LORD. GOD I NEED FOOD!! I AM HAVING A HARD TIME. PLEASE LORD, SEND ME SOME GROCERIES!!" The next morning the lady went out on her porch and noted a large bag of groceries and shouted, "PRAISE THE LORD." The neighbor jumped from behind a bush and said, "Aha! I told you there was no Lord. I bought those groceries, God didn't." The lady started jumping up and down and clapping her hands and said, "PRAISE THE LORD. He not only sent me groceries, but He made the devil pay for them. Praise the Lord!"
An ant walks into a bar with his good friend Mister No, who is not an ant. The bartender says, "I'm sorry. We only serve ants here."  The ant says, "But this is my good friend Mister No."  The bartender says, "Sorry, but I don't take No for an ant, sir."  
Shirley and Abe, a retired couple from New York City, living in Miami Beach, are getting ready to go out to dinner. Shirley says, "Abe, darling, do you want me to wear this Chanel suit or the Gucci?"  Abe says, "I don't care."  A few minutes later Shirley says, "Abe, should I wear my Cartier watch or my Rolex?"  Abe says, "Your choice."  A few more minutes pass and Shirley says, "Abe, love, shall I wear my five-carat pearl diamond ring or my six-carat round diamond ring with the baguettes?"  Abe says, "Shirley, I really don't care what you wear, but if you don't get moving, we're going to miss the Early Bird Special."
A married couple were vacationing in Hawaii and disagreed on the correct pronunciation of the state name. He said it was Hawaii and his wife said it was Havaii.  They stopped a man on the street to ask his opinion. He said the correct pronunciation was Havaii. The man's wife was delighted and thanked the man.   The man said, "You're velcome."
Did you hear about the doctor who wrote out a prescription in the usual doctor's fashion?  The patient used it for two years as a railroad pass.  Twice it got him into Radio City Music Hall, and once into Yankee Stadium.  It came in handy as a letter from his employer to the cashier to increase his salary.  And to top it off, his daughter played it on the piano and won a scholarship to the Curtis Music Conservatory.   
Have ever wondered why it is called MENopause and not WOMANopause?
A farmer and his recently hired hand were eating an early breakfast of biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, bacon and coffee that the farmer's wife had prepared for them. Thinking of all the work they had to get done that day, the farmer told the hired man he might as well go ahead and eat his lunch too.  The hired man didn't say a word, but filled his plate a second time and proceeded to eat. After awhile the farmer said, "We've got so much work to do today, you might as well eat your supper now too."  Again, the hired man didn't respond but refilled his plate a third time and continued to eat. Finally, after eating his third plate of food, the hired man pushed back his chair and began to take off his shoes.  "What are you doing"? the farmer asked.  The hired man replied, "I don't work after supper."
Knock, Knock!  Who's there?  Doctor  Doctor Who?  EXTERMINATE! EXTERMINATE!
I was invited to this indoor wedding over the weekend. When I reached the hotel venue, I found two doors. One said, 'Bride relatives' and the other said, 'Groom relatives'.  "Hmmm, interesting," I said to myself as I entered the door marked Groom relatives. I then found two more doors. One said 'Ladies' and the other said, 'Men'.   I started laughing out loud as I entered the ladies door and found two more doors written, 'People with gifts' and 'People without gifts'.   I entered the people without gifts door... I found myself outside of the hotel. 
Guy: Do you wanna hang out this Friday?  Girl: Sorry, but I am getting married this Friday!  Guy: Wow, well congratulations!  Then how about this Saturday?
A well-known rich businessman's wife broke her hip.  The businessman got the best bone surgeon in town to do the operation.  The operation consisted of lining up the broken hip and putting in a screw to secure it.  The operation went fine, and the doctor sent the business man a fee for his services of $5000.   The businessman was outraged at the cost, and sent the doctor a letter demanding an itemized list of the costs. The doctor sent back a list with two things:  One screw.....................................  $       1 Knowing how to put it in.............  $4999                           		      Total = $5000   The businessman never argued. 
"When I walk into a room, I expect your undivided attention.  Don't look over here or over there, look at me.  If you say something to me, I just may want to ignore you. That's my prerogative. In addition, when I utter so much as a sound, you are to smile, nod approvingly, and praise me." 	 Sounds like your boss, right?   Well, you're half right. I'm also your cat!	 
Why don't sheep shrink when they get wet?
Wife to husband: “Did you like supper?”   Trying to be polite, the husband says, “Yes.”   The wife says, “I was just wondering, because when I gave some to the cats they tried to bury it.”  
Preparing for the most important presentation of his life, a sales rep went to a psychiatrist. "I'll implant a hypnotic suggestion in your mind," said the shrink. "Just say 'one-two-three,' and you'll give the presentation of your life. However, do not say 'one-two-three-four,' because it will cause you to freeze up and make a fool of yourself."  The sales rep was ecstatic. He tried it at home and gave a fabulous presentation. He tried it at work with his co-workers, and got a standing ovation. Then came the big day. Everything was set up in the boardroom and the CEO signaled him to start.  The sales rep whispered under his breath, "One-two-three."  Then the CEO asked, "What did you say 'one-two-three' for?" 
Daughter: "Mommy, where did I come from?"  Mom: "Sweetheart, you came out from Mommy's body."  Daughter: "How exactly?"  Mom: "Well, your head came out first, then your arms, followed by your legs."  Daughter: (thinking about what she just heard) "How did you assemble them?"
A boy, at the circus for the first time, sees a clown up-close and dressed from head to toe.  He says, "Look mom, there's big foot!" 
How come the lifeguard couldn't save the hippie?   He was just too far out man.
What did the ancient Roman general's wife shout out as she came into the bedroom and saw a woman fleeing out the window?	  "Seize 'er!"	 
"Quick! Call a tree surgeon!"	  "Why?"	  "My maple tree is bleeding!"	  "That's not blood, that's sap."	  "What's sap?"	  "Nothing. What's sap with you?"	 
Why are Eskimos always interested in winter sports?  Because they are Inuit.
To stop King Kong's rampage,  the U.S. Army got their top strategists together and came up with a terrific plan.  They built a massive catapult engine, loaded a 1966 Volkswagen in it, and hurled the vehicle directly at the side of the giant ape's head.    In other words, they put a	bug in his ear.
A teenager invited his girlfriend over to Sunday dinner to meet his parents for the first time. He warned her that his mother can be strong willed and very critical of his friends.   She replied, "Don’t worry, I can hold my own. I’ll nicely put her in her place if need be."   After dinner the teen asked his girlfriend why she hadn’t stood up to his mother. She answered by saying, "I’m not worried about her, it’s the horde of flying monkeys that must be waiting outside that bothers me." 
You can change a cat's litter box but you can't change its Purr-ceptions!
A man came home from work one day to find his wife sitting on the front porch with her bags packed. He asked her where she was going, and she replied, "I'm going to Las Vegas."   He questioned her as to why and she told him, "I just found out that I can make $400 a night doing what I give you for free."  He pondered for a while, went into the house, packed his bags and returned to the porch with his wife. She said, "And just where do you think you are going?"  He replied, "I'm going too."  "Why?" she asked.  He said, "I want to see how you're going to live on $800 a year."
Q: Why did the tofu cross the road?  A: To prove he wasn't chicken. 
Two friends went for an interview for the same job. One was educated and the other wasn't, so they agreed to help each other.They agreed that the educated one would go first and when he was done, he would give the other the answers to all the questions. The first guy's interview started:  QN 1: "When was Tanzania's independence?" GUY 1: "It was supposed to be 1960 but it was postponed to 1961 due to many reasons."  QN 2: "Who brought independence to Tanzania?" GUY 1: "So many participated but it was Mwalimu Nyerere who finalized it."  QN 3: "It's believed that in planet Mars, there is life... is it true?" GUY 1: "So many people say so, but it has not been scientifically proven."  When he left the interview room, he went straight to his uneducated friend and gave him all the answers. Second guy's interview also started:  QN 1: "When were you born?" GUY 2: "It was supposed to be 1960 but it was postponed to 1961."  QN 2: "What!! Who is your father?" GUY 2: "So many participated but it was Mr. Nyere who finalized it."  QN 3: "Oh My! Are u CRAZY???" GUY 2: "So many say so but it has not been scientifically proven!"
If I don't participate in a boycott because I don't believe in boycotts, am I then actually boycotting a boycott?
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they always take things literally.
If you take your laptop for a run, you jog your memory. 
One week before her wedding, a mother pulls aside her daughter (and bride-to-be). She says, "I will now give you the advice that has been passed down from generation to generation, from woman to woman."   The daughter listened attentively, curious as to what the advice would be.  The mom continued, "Cook a man a fish and you feed him for a day. But teach a man to fish, and you get rid of him for the whole weekend."
When I was a newly commissioned Lieutenant in the Army, I was assigned as a temporary assistant in an administrative office in a Military Intelligence unit. One day a long  compliance form came around with a cover sheet instructing all assigned officers to read it and initial it as indication of their compliance. So I read and initialed it.  A few days later, it came back addressed specifically to me. An attached note read, "You are not permanently assigned to this unit. Thus, you are not an authorized signer and you should not be initialing this form. Now please erase your initials and then initial your erasure." 
One day, Edgar got home early from school and his mom asked, "Why are you home so early?"  He answered, "Because I was the only one that answered a question in my class."   "Wow, my son is a genius! What was the question?"   "The question was, 'Who threw the eraser at the principal's head?'"
As a Flight Surgeon stationed at Corpus Christi, Tx, I perform flight physicals. A  Petty Officer needed his to continue as the corpsman aboard the base Search and Rescue helicopter. Following the obligatory cough during his hernia check, I asked him, “Have you had any pain or swelling in your testicles?”  There was no answer so I looked at him with a, “Well?” look on my face. After a few moments pondering his answer, he reluctantly began to move his hips gently from side to side. I said, “Stop, what are you doing!”   He said, “You asked me to sway my testicles.”   After a hearing check, he passed his Navy Flight Physical and we had a great laugh about that for years to follow. Call sign, “Hula Man!”
What's the difference between a tree, a dog, and a lake? Give up? A tree HAS bark and a dog barks.  What about the lake? THAT'S WHERE THE SUCKERS BITE!  
Three students all have dinner together, a sophisticate, a vulgarian, and a foreigner. They return to their shared dorm rooms that night and when they wake up in the morning they all have painful gas. The sophisticate says,  "Zounds!  I just broke wind with such intense vigor my anus hurt!"  The vulgarian says,  "Crap, dude!  That fart hurt my butt-hole!"  The foreigner who would have understood,  "Wow, stinky pain!" tries to fit in by saying,  "Broke fart intense butt-hole!"
What did one Hot Dog Say to the other Hot Dog?  HI! Frank!
I am passing this on to you because it definitely worked for me, and we all could use more calm in our lives. By following the simple advice I heard on a Dr. Phil show, I have finally found inner peace.  Dr. Phil proclaimed the way to achieve inner peace is to finish all the things you have started. So, I looked around my house to see things I started, and hadn't finished; and, before leaving the house this morning, I finished off a bottle of Merlot, a bottle of Kahlua, a package of Oreo's, a pot of coffee, the rest of the Cheesecake, some Saltines, and a box of Godiva Chocolates.  You have no idea how freaking good I feel.
There I was totally naked.  Two hands running freely all over my body.  No area seemed OFF LIMITS but I wasn’t shy or embarrassed.  Yet I did not experience the euphoria one could imagine.  This was not the first time nor I expect will it be the last.  I waited patiently for any further sensations as these hands wandered seemingly with purpose yet resulting in no response from me.  So these so called hot steamy sessions are always flat.  Oh well! – I guess showering is like that! We'll see what happens tomorrow.  
I've always been confused between the definition of right and wrong.  When I was a kid my parents would say, "Boy you have done wrong."  I'd say, "Is that right?"  They twould say, "Yes."
Well the last time I Tweeted, I was disqualified because Twitter said it was a chirp!
I've always wondered how cool it would be to go to outer space, the Doc said I need to find my inner space first!
Who says commercials are not educational ? My 3 year old just informed me that the medication I'm on might cause dry mouth, dizziness, loss of sight ---  and so on.  Needless to say I called my Doctor immediately, he said his 3 year old saw the same commercial.
A big bullfrog is in the middle of the swamp crying out his lament about being stuck so far from all the action.  Out of nowhere this fairy godmother appears and tells him he will have an encounter with a beautiful young woman in three years. The bullfrog asks this fairy godmother why it will take so long.  "The woman is only in eighth grade now, and will not be dissecting frogs in Biology until her Junior year."
Question:   What can you get if you have 50 cent?  Answer:   Hip-Hop and Rap.
The widow requested that her husband's grave be dug 20 feet deep.  "Deep down he was a good man," she explained.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Dilbert, Dogbert, Garfield, Jon Arbuckle, and a whole lot of comic strip characters and their pets were on an airplane flying from Miami to Los Angeles.   In the middle of the flight, the flight attendant gave out food to everyone but Charlie Brown and Snoopy. They asked him why everyone else got some food and they didn't.   The flight attendant said, "Sorry, but we don't serve PEANUTS on this flight."
A cop breaks up a fight by two invisible men.   As the crowd gathers, he shouts, "Move along, folks. There's nothing to see here!"	 
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours...  So they decided to call it a day.
Why do pelicans hate taxes?  BECAUSE NO MATTER WHERE THEY TURN, THEY STILL HAVE AN ENORMOUS BILL IN FRONT OF THEM!
I'm getting mighty fed up with these sheep-human hybrids!  What is with ewe people!?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?  Ten-tickles!
Why do so may people like bananas?  Well you have to admit, they have a peel.
What kind of construction are dogs good at?  Roofing
A lady lost her handbag at the mall.  An honest young lad found it and returned it to her.  Looking in her purse, she said, "Hmm, that's funny. When I lost my bag, there was a $20 bill in it.  Now there are twenty $1 bills."  The boy replied, "That IS funny.  The last time I found a lady's purse, she didn't have any change for a reward."
Why are bananas bad getaway drivers?  They are in such a hurry to split and they peel out.
Boy: Ah, finally, I've waited so long. Girl: You want me to leave? Boy: No. I dare to not even think about it. Girl: Do you love me? Boy: Of course. Lots! Girl: Have you ever cheated on me? Boy: No! Why are you asking me? Girl: Will you kiss me? Boy: Every time I get the chance! Girl: Will you ever hit me? Boy: Are you crazy? Of course not! Girl: Can I trust you? Boy: Yes. Girl: Darling?  Now Read it Backwards!
How is a snail stronger than an elephant?  Because an elephant carries his trunk, but a snail carries his house! 
The newlywed wife said to her husband when he returned from work, "I have great news for you. Pretty soon, we're going to be three in this house instead of two."  Her husband ran to her with a smile on his face and delight in his eyes.  He was glowing of happiness and kissing his wife when she said, "I'm glad that you feel this way since tomorrow morning, my mother moves in with us." 
Why is Alabama the smartest state?    Because it has 4 A's and one B!
Confucius says...  "Man who stands in front of car gets tired, man who stands behind car gets exhausted."
At a church in Mississippi, the pastor announced that their prison choir would be singing the following evening. I wasn't aware there was a prison in the vicinity, so I looked forward to hearing them.   The next evening, I was puzzled when members of the church approached the stage.  Then the pastor introduced them.   "This is our prison choir," he said, "they're behind a few bars and always looking for the key." 
What cooking/seasoning spice herb can be found in the court of law?  A bay-leaf. 
John: You know what man, I have a blind date later set up for this evening.  Peter: Wow, what's her name?  John: I dunno but she just said that it starts with 'SH'.  Peter: Really? Maybe Sharon or Sherry.  After the date.....  Peter: Why the long face? How's the date? What's her name?  John: SHREK!!!
Sign at a fast food place:  Eat, or we'll both starve!
Why is it that everyone is so worn out on April 01?  They have just endured a March of 31 days!
I asked my heart, "Why can't I sleep tonight? Could I possibly be in love with someone?"  My heart replied, "Don't act like you are in love with anyone, it's because you slept in the afternoon."
Teacher: Class when you grow up what do you want to be and why?  Student 1: I want to be a doctor, to help those who are in need.  Student 2: I want to be a lawyer, to also help those who are in need.  Student 3: When I grow up, I'll probably be the one in need...
One day at a local clinic, the doctor is outraged to see that he has no patients to examine. So he called his assistant to ask what happened.  His assistant replied, "I asked the patients if they are feeling okay, and they said 'no', so I told them to go home and get plenty of rest!"
John was dozing against a tree with his fishing rod in the water.  His friend came by and looked at the line.  “You don’t have any bait on the hook,” he said.  “It’s too much trouble to clean the fish if I caught one,” replied John.  His friend said, “John, you are the laziest man I know.  What you need is a wife and a family.”  John opened his eyes and said, “Do you know where I can find a pregnant woman?” 
After a preacher died and went to heaven, he noticed that a New York cab driver had been awarded a higher place than he. “I don't understand,” he inquired to Saint Peter.  “I devoted my entire life to my congregation.”  “Our policy here in Heaven is to reward results,” Saint Peter explained. “Now, was your congregation well attuned to you whenever you gave a sermon?”  “Well,” the minister had to admit, “sure, some in the congregation fell asleep from time to time.”  “Exactly!” said Saint Peter.  “When people rode in this man's taxi, they not only stayed awake, they even prayed!”
Professor: And now, Mr. Jones, what do you know about French syntax?  Student: I didn't know they had to pay any.
Very early one morning two birds are sitting at the side of a large puddle of oil. They see a worm on the other side. One bird flies over and the other one swims through the puddle.   Which one gets to the worm first?  The one who swam, of course, because, "da oily boid gets da woim." 
So, how do you get down off this elephant?  You don't. You get down off a goose.
Q:  What do we have in December that we don't have in any other month?  A:  The letter "D"!
Two Aussie men are standing at the top of a cliff. One has two budgies (a small parrot native to Australia), one on each shoulder. The other has a parrot and a shotgun.  The first guy jumps off the cliff and on the way down the birds fly away. He crashes on the rocks below and rolls over on his back. He looks up just in time to see his friend jump off too.  As the second guy falls the & parrot flies off, he pulls up his shot gun and shoots the bird just before he too crashes onto the rocks.  They lie there groaning in agony for a bit before the first guy says, “I really don’t see what is supposed to be so great about budgie jumping!”  The second guy lets out a groan and says, “I’m really not too impressed with free-fall parrot shooting either!”
A class goes on school field trip to a museum. A little boy breaks a vase then reads about it's history. He pretend it never happened. The school went on with the field trip until security stopped the boy and confronted him.  The teacher asks the boy, "Why didn't you tell someone you broke the vase?"  The boy replies, "I didn't think it would matter, it said it was priceless,"
What did the snowman say when he felt he was misunderstood?    Did you get my drift?
Feeling alone?  Feeling unwanted, like no one gives a hoot?   Do what I did... don't file your tax returns.
I asked my friend Jim about our mutual friend Inge. She seemed down and depressed.  Jim answered, "She used to be the 'Bell of the Ball'. But nobody ever tolled her!"
Man walks into the barbershop, sits down in the chair and the barber asks, "How do you want your haircut?"  The man says, " I would like the sideburns one high and one low, a few long hairs sticking out of the back and a few chunks on the side and top."  The barber looks puzzled and says, "I'm not sure I can do that."  The customer says, "Why not, you did it that way last time."
I went to this great yard sale the other day.  There were lots of sports memorabilia, electronics, and guy stuff.   A  huge 50 inch flat screen TV caught my eye with a price tag on $50 on it!  "You only want $50 for this big TV?  It must have something wrong with it"  I remarked.  "I'll let it go for $50".  He said.   "It works great, except when you turn it on the volume starts out and stays all the way up."  "Man, I sure can't turn that deal down!"  
Word got out in a old Western town that Black Bart escaped from Jail and was heading that way.  The townsfolk gathered in the saloon to discuss what to do next since the sheriff was out of town.   "How will we recognize him? It's been so long since anyone actually saw him and lived to tell about it," said the town's barber.    "I heard he could eat bullets and kill you by just spitting," said the hotel owner.  All of a sudden, a kid runs into the saloon and yells, "Someone's coming and I think it's Black Bart!"    Sure enough a huge 6 ft tall rugged, tough-looking, bearded, black clothed cowboy with an eye patch and a long scar down the left side of his face and huge muscular arms and chest came walking through the saloon doors. Only sound you could hear was his spurs as he walked up to the bar. No one dared to move or utter a sound; too frightened to move.  He looked around at all the townsfolk, hiding behind tables and chairs holding their breath.  He walked up to the bar and took out his gun and banged it on the counter. The bartender yelped.  He yelled to the bartender hiding behind the counter, "Git up and give me a whiskey!"  The bartender poured him a shot glass of whiskey.  He took the glass, drank it down, then ate the shot glass.  Two women fainted and the sound of teeth chattering could be heard behind the piano. The bartender nervously asked, "Would you like another glass sir?"    "Naw. I need to go. Hav'ta leave town," he said.  "You're leaving so soon?" the bartender asked, puzzled.  "Heck yeah! Didn't you hear? Black Bart's coming this way!" 
Ever wonder why there is an expiration date on sour cream?
Daughter: "Dad, when will I be old enough to go to the movies with a boy?"  Dad: "When you're a year older than your brother."  The daughter thought for a moment and replied: "But I'll never be older than my brother, he was born first."  Dad: "I guess there's your answer. But don't blame me, go talk to your brother."
What do you call a bird of prey perched on a priest's pulpit? 	 An altar eagle.	 
What do you call it when you put all your borrowed money in a single place, isolated from all your other money?  A loan to gather....   (Alone Together)
What is a clear conscience?   A clear conscience is the sign of a bad memory!
Teacher: What did Napoleon do?  Child: He pulled his bone apart!
Yesterday was "Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day"...  Which basically means today is "Stay Late At Work To Catch Up On All The Things You Couldn't Get Done Because Your Kid Was Bothering You In The Office Day"! 
New research found that pigeons can actually be taught to read and write.  Once the researchers finished teaching the pigeon, the first thing it wrote was, “Get a life, man.”
In 1996, Peter was on holiday in Kenya after graduating from college. On a hike through the bush, he came across a young bull elephant standing with one leg raised in the air. The elephant seemed distressed, so Peter approached it very carefully.   He got down on one knee and inspected the elephant's foot and found a large piece of wood deeply embedded in it. As carefully and as gently as he could, Peter worked the wood out with his hunting knife, after which the elephant gingerly put down its foot. The elephant turned to face the man, and with a rather curious look on its face, stared at him for several tense moments. Peter stood frozen, thinking of nothing else but being trampled. Eventually the elephant trumpeted loudly, turned, and walked away. Peter never forgot that elephant or the events of that day.   Twenty years later, Peter was walking through the Chicago Zoo with his teenage son. As they approached the elephant enclosure, one of the creatures turned and walked over to near where Peter and his son were standing. The large bull elephant stared at Peter, lifted its front foot off the ground, then put it down. The elephant did that several times then trumpeted loudly, all the while staring at the man.   Remembering the encounter in 1996, Peter couldn't help wondering if this was the same elephant. Peter summoned up his courage, climbed over the railing and made his way into the enclosure. He walked right up to the elephant and stared back in wonder. The elephant trumpeted again, wrapped its trunk around one of Peter legs and slammed him against the railing, killing him instantly.   Probably wasn't the same elephant.
A journalist was interviewing a European frog attending an American Football game.   Q. Do you enjoy American Football? A. Yes, but I prefer Cricket.   Q. I see, you prefer Cricket over Football is that correct? A. No, I prefer cricket over popcorn.  
A couple go to a marriage counselor. The husband barely sits down before rattling off a long list of things his wife needs to improve on.   The counselor replied, "Wow, that's quite a long list. How about you ma'am, do you also have a long list of complaints?"  "Nope," she answered, "I only have one complaint."  "What might that be?"  "He lies!" 
You can tell a woman's mood by her hands...   If she is holding a weapon of any sort, she is not happy!
President: I can't sign this bill, it's completely absurd. If I turn this into law it will raise taxes by 5 percent and extend the work week to six days instead of five.   Congress: Please note Mr. President on page 5027, under subsection 22, clause B, it exempts all members of the executive and the judicial branches as well as congress for life. Plus we all get a 50 percent raise and enhanced retirement benefits.   President: Perfect, got a pen? 
A weeping woman bursts into her hypnotherapist's office and declares, "Doctor, I have been faithful to my husband for 15 years, but yesterday I broke that trust and had an affair! The guilt is killing me. I just want to forget that it ever happened!"  The hypnotherapist shakes his head and says. "Not again..."
In a courtroom, where tensions are high...  Judge:  Order! Order in the court!  Plaintiff:  I'll take a ham on rye.
You don't need to wear spurs on both boots... If one side of a horse starts to run, so will the other. 
What did the Super Nova say to the cop when he was pulled over for speeding?  "You can't give me a ticket.  I'm a BIG STAR!"						 
Did you know that 76% of all people who come to this country come with Cataracts?  The rest have Lincoln Continentals. 
We're going on a class trip to the Dr. Pepper factory... I hope there's no pop quiz. 
Politicians  and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
What's the worst kind of flower you can give someone?  Cauliflower
An elderly married couple enters a restaurant for dinner and orders some food. As the waiter serves the food on their table, the husband starts eating while the wife just looks at her platter.   Astonished by this rather unusual scene, a young man sitting besides goes over to their table and courteously asks the lady as to why is she only staring at but not eating her food, The women agreeably replies, "Well son, we have only one set of dentures and today it's his turn first."
The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense. 
How is it truly possible to have a "civil" war?
A twice married and divorced well-to-do business man named Ralph felt he finally found his soul mate in a woman half his age. Betty, his new wife, was pretty, dirty blond hair, and not all that bright, but Ralph didn't care. He would do anything to make her happy, and on Betty's birthday he called her out to the front yard. 						 "Happy Birthday!" he shouted as he proudly showed off Betty's gift, an immaculate 1957 Chevrolet Bel-Air 2 door hard top classic car.						  "Wow!" Betty exclaimed.  "That's a really ancient looking car. It must be more than 20 years old!" 						 "Try 50! Honeybunch, I have a business trip to go on. This car will make you a ton of money. There's a bunch of events coming up in Johnson County and when I get back, I bet you're gonna make me a happy man when I find out how well you did." 						 Ralph left on his trip, and upon his return, as he was driving up the block to his house, he noticed a tow truck in his driveway. Pulling up he saw his dear old classic car on the truck bed, smashed to smithereens.	Running into the house, he yelled for Betty.  						 "What in the world happened to your car?" 						 "I won first prize, $1000, that's what happened," Betty replied.						  "First prize, where?" Ralph asked astonishingly. 						 "At the Johnson County Demolition Derby!"						
Two kids are talking to each other. One says, "I'm really worried. My dad works twelve hours a day to give me a nice home and good food. My mom spends the whole day cleaning and cooking for me. I'm worried sick!"  The other kid says, "What have you got to worry about? Sounds to me like you've got it made!"  The first kid says, "What if they try to escape?"
Q: How do you think the unthinkable?   A: With an itheberg
One toy says to another: "My life is spiraling out of control!"  "What do you expect? You're a TOP!"
My daughter asked if I could help her explain the concept of “modern math” to her youngest. I said sure, he just needs practical life experience and he’ll understand.   Just take him to the store, pass it a few times, then circle it once or twice before you pull into the parking lot. 
If you send a birthday card to your grandkids, don’t write in cursive...  ... Or you’ll get a text asking you to decode it. 
Both my wife and I are bad cooks.   Our cooking is so bad, that our kids have started praying after we've had dinner.
A man was reading on social media that apparently it’s unattractive to wear socks with sandals.  He told his wife about this, who quickly said. “Honey use your head, we’re going to the museum of natural history today; lets pass on the missing link photo opportunity.” 
If #2 pencils are the best, why aren't they called  #1 pencils?
A kindergartner was practicing spelling with magnetic letters on the refrigerator:  cat, dog, dad, and mom have been proudly displayed for all to see.  One morning while getting ready for the day, he bounded into the room with his arms outstretched.  In his hands were three magnetic letters: G-O-D.  "Look what I spelled, Mom!" with a proud smile on his face.  "That's wonderful!" his mom praised him. "Now go put them on the fridge so Dad can see when he gets home tonight," she said, happy that Sunday school education was having an impact. Just then, a little voice called from the kitchen. "Mom, how do you spell zilla?" 
I wrote a romance novel.  It's called, "She Fell In Love With A Painter, But He Gave Her The Brush."
I romantically looked at my girlfriend and said to her, "Love is in the air."   Apparently, she didn't agree. "No, that's pollen."
Doctor: "I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live."  Patient: "What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!"  Doctor: "Nine."
A new wife prepared to bake a ham to celebrate their first Easter together. She carefully cut off each end of the ham before placing it in the pan.   Her husband asked her why she did that and she replied, "I don't know, it's what my mother always did. But I can ask her."   She called Mom, who responded, "I always saw your Grandma do it, so I did the same."   They decided to check further, so the young woman called Grandma, who explained, "It was the only way I could get it to fit into my pan." 
A woman went to the beach with her children. Her 4-year-old son ran up to her, grabbed her hand, and led her to the shore where a dead seagull lay in the sand.  “Mommy, what happened to him?” the little boy asked.  “He died and went to heaven,” she replied.  The child thought for a moment and said, “And God threw him back down?”
It was Thanksgiving day and the hall bathroom was not working. There was another bathroom off the master bedroom, so the mother asked her pre-teen daughter to put a sign on the hall bathroom door and then close it.  Due to the busyness of all the preparations for the big event, the mother never had the opportunity to even walk by the hallway bathroom until all her guests had left that day. When she finally did pass the hallway bathroom, she saw the sign her young daughter had written and left on the door.  It read: "Out of odor."
The young couple admired the scarecrow they saw along the road. "Look at that," said the girl. "Not a crow in sight."  The boy looked at the scarecrow and said, "Good job scarecrow!"  To their surprise the scarecrow replied. "Hay, it's in my jeans." 
Because of an ear infection, my young son, Casey, had to go to the pediatrician. I was impressed with the way the doctor directed his comments and questions to my son. When he asked Casey, "Is there anything you are allergic to?" Casey nodded and whispered in his ear. Smiling, the pediatrician wrote out a prescription and handed it to me.  Without looking at it, I tucked it into my purse. Later, the pharmacist filled the order, remarking on the unusual food-drug interaction my son must have. When he saw my puzzled expression, he showed me the label on the bottle.   As per the doctor's instructions, it read: Do not take with broccoli.
A man was standing in front of the bathroom mirror one evening admiring his reflection, when he posed the following question to his wife of 20 years, “Will you still love me when I’m old, fat, and balding?”  She answered, “Of course I will. I've already been doing it for the past 5 years haven't I?”
Q: How do you make a goldfish old?  A: Take away the g!
Once there was a Spanish speaking magician who promised a vanishing act. So he says, "I will count to 3 and I will disappear!"  "Uno! Dos!" and then POOF!  With a puff of smoke he was gone, without even a Tres!
A duck walks into a convenience store. He asks the man at the counter, "You got any grapes?" Guy at the counter says, "No, we don't have any grapes." Duck says "okay" and he leaves.  The next day the duck comes back in and says, "You got any grapes?" The man once again replies, "No! We do not have any grapes." The duck says "okay" and he leaves.  The third day the duck walks in again and asks, "You got any grapes?" The man is very annoyed and says, "No! For the last time, we do NOT have any grapes. If you come in here again and ask for grapes, I'm gonna nail your bill to the floor!" The duck replies "okay" and leaves.  The fourth day the duck returns once again and asks, "You got any nails?" The man at the counter says "No." The duck says, "Well then, you got any grapes?"
We recently surveyed 100 women, asking them the question, "How old are you?"  The #1 most popular answer was, "How old do you think I look?" 
Toy Disclaimers you have probably never noticed...  1. Warning: This fad will disappear in 6 weeks.  2. Caution: Care Bears do not actually care very much.  3. Warning: This toy produces substantially less childish glee in real life than it does in the TV commercial.  4. No beanies or babies harmed in the manufacture of this product.  5. Some dismemberment may occur.  6. In case of breakage, scream until Dad buys a replacement.  7. Not to be taken internally, literally or seriously.  8. Use as an actual terrorist device not recommended.  9. Do not attempt to combine your Ultra Mega Warrior with your cat to make Ultra Mega Cat Warrior.  10. Some assimilation required. Resistance is futile. 
Want to hear a word I just made up?   Plagiarism.
What do you call a large pile of kittens?   A MEOWtain!
How does an undertaker explain raising his burial charges?  Blames it on the cost of living.
What did the ocean say to the beach?  Can't talk now, I'm all tide up! 
There was a farmer who grew watermelons. He was doing pretty well, but he was disturbed by some local kids who would sneak into his watermelon patch at night and eat his watermelons. After some careful thought, he came up with a clever idea that he thought would scare the kids away for sure. He made up a sign and posted it in the field. The next night, the kids showed up and they saw the sign which read, "Warning! One of the watermelons in this field has been injected with cyanide."  The kids ran off, made up their own sign and posted it next to the farmer's sign. When the farmer returned, he surveyed the field. He noticed that no watermelons were missing, but the sign next to his read, "Now there are two!" 
Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana.
Taking his seat in his chambers, the judge faced the opposing lawyers.  "So," he said, "I have been presented, by both of you, with a bribe."  Both lawyers squirmed uncomfortably. "You, attorney Leon, gave me $15,000. And you, attorney Campos, gave me $10,000."  The judge reached into his pocket and pulled out a check. He handed it to Leon. "Now then, I'm returning $5,000, and we're going to decide this case solely on its merits!"  
Why do hens lay eggs?  Because if they were throwing them, they’d break.
What did the teeth say to the dentist?   So when are we going out?
Yo momma so old, God said let there be light.... And she flipped the switch!
A man walking in the forest feels close enough to God to ask, "God, what is a million years to you?"  God replies, "My son, a million years to you is like a second to me."  The man asks, "God, what is a million dollars to you?"  God replies, "My son, a million dollars to you is less than a penny to me. It means almost nothing to me."  The man asks, "So God, can I have a million dollars?"  And God replies, "In a second."
What did one computer say to the other?  0101010101010101010101
Four activists wearing leather jackets got out of their Hummer and threw eggs at us. I'm no Sherlock Holmes, but I think they're with PETA.
Patient: "My problem is too much sleeping. I fall asleep as soon as I enter a bus." Doctor: "So what? It is not at all a problem to sleep in a bus." Patient: "But who is going to drive it if I'm asleep?" 
A young couple got married and went on a cruise for their honeymoon.  When they got back home the bride immediately called her mom,  who lived three hours away.  "Well, darling," said her Mom, "How was your honeymoon?"  "It was wonderful, and so romantic. We had a great time," began the bride,  "but as soon as we got home he started using really horrible language. Words  I have never heard before. Really horrible four-letter words!  You've got to come get me...PLEASE." Then the bride began to sob over the phone and begged, "PLEASE mom, come get me!"  "But honey what did he say, what 4-letter words, you have to tell me what's troubling  you," said her mom.  Still sobbing the bride said to her mother..."Words like....DUST, IRON, COOK, WASH!"
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it... it was a shih-tzu.
Knock, Knock!   Who's there?  Honey bee.   Honey bee who?   Honey bee a dear and get me a soda. 
O'Leary walked twelve blocks in NYC without leaving the scene of the crime.
Two policemen call the station on the radio.  "Hello. Is that you Sarge?”  "Yes?”  "We have a case here. A woman has shot her husband for stepping on the floor she had just mopped clean.”  "Have you arrested the woman?”  "No sir. The floor is still wet."
Grandma is eighty-eight years old and still drives her own car. She writes:  Dear Grand-daughter,   The other day I went up to our local Christian book store and saw a 'Honk if you love Jesus' bumper sticker ..   I was feeling particularly sassy that day because I had just come from a thrilling choir performance, followed by a thunderous prayer meeting.   So, I bought the sticker and put it on my bumper.   Boy, am I glad I did; what an uplifting experience that followed.    I was stopped at a red light at a busy intersection, just lost in thought about the Lord and how good he is, and I didn't notice that the light had changed.   It is a good thing someone else loves Jesus because if he hadn't honked, I'd never have noticed.   I found that lots of people love Jesus!   While I was sitting there, the guy behind started honking like crazy, and then he leaned out of his window and screamed, 'For the love of God!'   `Go! Go! Go! Jesus Christ, GO!'   What an exuberant cheerleader he was for Jesus! Everyone started honking! I just leaned out my window and started waving and smiling at all those loving people. I even honked my horn a few times to share in the love!   There must have been a man from Florida back there because I heard him yelling something about a sunny beach.    I saw another guy waving in a funny way with only his middle finger stuck up in the air.   I asked my young teenage grandson in the back seat what that meant.   He said it was probably a Hawaiian good luck sign or something.   Well, I have never met anyone from Hawaii, so I leaned out the window and gave him the good luck sign right back.   My grandson burst out laughing.   Why even he was enjoying this religious experience!!   A couple of the people were so caught up in the joy of the moment that they got out of their cars and started walking towards me. I bet they wanted to pray or ask what church I attended, but this is when I noticed the light had changed.   So, grinning, I waved at all my brothers and sisters, and drove on through the intersection.   I noticed that I was the only car that got through the intersection before the light changed again and felt kind of sad that I had to leave them after all the love we had shared. So I slowed the car down, leaned out the window and gave them all the Hawaiian good luck sign one last time as I drove away. Praise the Lord for such wonderful folks!!   Will write again soon,   Love, Grandma
What do you call a cow that had a baby?  Decaffeinated!
There is the story of a pastor who got up one Sunday and announced to his congregation:  I have good news and bad news. The good news is, we have enough money to pay for our new building program! The bad news is, it's still out there in your pockets. 
When a guy's printer type began to grow faint, he called a local repair shop where a friendly man informed him that the printer probably needed only to be cleaned. Because the store charged $50 for such cleanings, he told the guy he might be better off reading the printer's manual and trying the job himself.  Pleasantly surprised by his candor, he asked, "Does your boss know that you discourage business?"  "Actually, it's my boss's idea," the employee replied sheepishly. "We usually make more money on repairs if we let people try to fix things themselves first."   
Q:  Why do cows have hooves?  A;  Because they lactose!
Q: How do you get a frog off the back window of your car?  A: Use the rear defrogger.
A man was sitting alone in his office one night when a genie popped up out of his ashtray.  "And what will your third wish be?"  The man looked at the genie and said, "Huh? How can I be getting a third wish when I haven't had a first or second wish yet?"  "You have had two wishes already," the genie said, "but your second wish was for me to put everything back the way it was before you made your first wish. Thus, you remember nothing, because everything is the way it was before you made any wishes. You now have one wish left."  "Okay," said the man, "I don't believe this, but what the heck. I've always wanted to understand women. I'd love to know what's going on inside their heads."  "Funny," said the genie as it granted his wish and disappeared forever, "That was your first wish, too!" 
A man walks into a bar...  ...ended up getting twenty stitches on his forehead.
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road?  A: To get to your house.  Knock Knock Who's there?' The chicken!
Why did the chicken cross the road?     To prove to the possum it could actually be done!
Three guys all worked in the same office with the same male boss. Each day, they watched the boss leave work early.  One day, the guys decided that, when the boss left, they would leave right behind him. After all, he never called or came back to work, so how would he know they went home early?  Ochuko was thrilled to be home early, he did a little gardening, spent play time with his son, and went to bed early.  Ofego was elated to be able to get in a quick workout at the spa before meeting a dinner date.  Akpors was happy to get home early and surprise his wife, but when he got to his bedroom, he heard a muffled noise from inside. Slowly and quietly, he cracked open the door and was mortified to see his wife in bed with his boss!  Gently he closed the door and crept out of the house.  The next day, at their coffee break, Ochuko and Ofego planned to leave early again, and they asked Akpos if he was going to go with them.  “No way!” Akpos exclaimed. "the boss almost caught me yesterday!"
Each evening bird lover Tom stood in his backyard, hooting like an owl - and one night, an owl finally called back to him.  For a year, the man and his feathered friend hooted back and forth. He even kept a log of the "conversation."  Just as he thought he was on the verge of a breakthrough in inter species communication, his wife had a chat with her next door neighbor.  "My husband spends his nights ...  calling out to owls," she said.  "That's odd," the neighbor replied.  "So does my husband."   
At school one morning the teacher asked little Johnny what he had for breakfast.  Little Johnny said, well, on my way to school I come cross this Apple tree, so I climbed up there and started eating apples.  I guess I eat about six, said little Johnny.  No, said the teacher, it’s ate! Little Johnny said well it could've been eight I don't remember.
It was the toughest experience of my life.  First, I got angina pectoris and then arteriosclerosis. Just as I was recovering from these, I got tuberculosis, double pneumonia and phthisis.  Appendicitis was followed by tonsillectomy.   These gave way to aphasia and hypertrophic cirrhosis. I completely lost my memory for a while. I know I had diabetes and acute ingestion, besides gastritis, rheumatism, lumbago and neuritis.  Realizing that perhaps I might do better with another doctor, I made an appointment at new medical office. The receptionist had me fill out forms that included my medical history.  I don't know how I pulled through it. It was the hardest spelling test I've ever had. 
I'm so hungry that I could eat a TV dinner right about now.   The problem is, my TV is bigger than my microwave!
A night watchman is a man who earns his living without doing a day's work.
Last week Walmart was asking $200 for the lamp I wanted, today they wanted $100.  I told them I'd wait until it was worth $200 again!
Two women met in heaven who were previous acquaintances on earth.  One said, "I can't believe you're here so soon what happened?"  She exclaimed,  "I froze to death!"  The other said, "That's terrible how'd it happen?"  "Well I started shivering uncontrollably, fell asleep and here I am!" Then she asked how her friend died.  She exclaimed  "I had a heart  attack! I came home to find my husband sitting in his lazy chair and I just knew it was cheating on me so I ran around the house looking everywhere for another woman I looked in the basement looked in the attic look behind the shower curtain in the bathroom and I ran myself into a frenzy  and collapsed of a heart attack.  Finally her friend replied "If you would have just look in the freezer we both still be alive!'.
The trend towards lower cost Health Maintenance Organizations has many Americans worried. Here are the "Top 30 Signs You've Joined a Cheap HMO"   1. Pedal-powered dialysis machines.  2. Use of antibiotics deemed an "unauthorized experimental procedure".  3. Head-wound victim in the waiting room is on the last chapter of "War and Peace,".  4. You ask for Viagra. You get a Popsicle stick and duct tape.  5. Annual breast exam conducted at Hooters.  6. Exam room has a tip jar.  7. You swear you saw salad tongs and a crab fork on the instrument tray just before the anesthesia kicked in.  8. "Will you be paying in eggs or pelts?"  9. Tight budget prevents acquisition of separate rectal thermometers.  10. "Take two leeches and call me in the morning,"  11. The company logo features a hand squeezing a bleeding turnip.  12. Tongue depressors taste faintly of Fudgesicle.  13. Covered postnatal care consists of leaving your baby on Mia Farrow's doorstep.  14. Radiation treatment for cancer patients requires them to walk around with a postcard from Chernobyl in their pocket.  15."Pre-natal vitamin" prescription is a box of Tic-Tacs.  16. Chief Surgeon graduated from University of Benihana.  17. Directions to your doctor's office include, "take a left when you enter the trailer park,"  18. Doctor listens to your heart through a paper towel tube.  19. Only item listed under Preventive Care feature of coverage is "an apple a day."  20. Only participating Physicians are Dr. Fine, Dr. Howard, Dr. Fine.  21. Only proctologist in the plan is "Gus" from Roto-Rooter.  22. Plan covers only "group" gynecological exams.  23. Preprinted prescription pads that say "Walk it off, you sissy."  24. To avoid a time consuming and expensive throat culture, the doctor just French kisses you.  25. Recycled bandages.  26. You can get your flu shot as soon as "the" hypodermic needle is dry.  27. Your "primary care physician" is wearing the pants you gave to goodwill last month.  28. 24-hour claims line is 1-800-TUF-LUCK  29. Costly MRI equipment efficiently replaced by an over-sized 2-sided copier.  30. Enema? The lavatory faucet swivels to face upward.
I had an appointment with my cardiologist yesterday and on his door it read 8 to 5.   I left immediately!  Why? I have to have better odds than that.
I went to the Doctor and told him I must have a sleep disorder.  He ask whys that? I said well I go to sleep at 10pm and wake at 6am.  Doc said well that's great what's wrong with that?  I said well my heads on the pillow when I go to sleep but when I wake my feet are on the pillows.  He thought for awhile then replied...  Set your alarm for 2am that way neither will be on the pillows.
A farmer was running back home when it started to rain. Then suddently he slipped and fell into a muddy puddle.  Suddenly lightning flashed across the sky. The farmer annoyed shouted to the sky saying "First you get me wet. Then you put mud all over my clothes. Now, as if that wasn't enough YOU'RE TAKING A PHOTO OF ME !!!!".
I  was a little taken aback when I got my receipt from the funeral parlor, on the bottom of the receipt, after the bill, it read,  “Thank you. Please come again.”
In 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue...........  And in 1495 his luggage and baggage finally arrived.
Sama wanted to eat a mango from the tree. He climbed the tree, inspected the mangoes and saw the one he wanted. He then got down so that he could shoot it down and eat.
A man is being paneled for jury... Attorney:  Sir, do you drive? Man:  Yes Attorney:  And does your wife drive as well? Man:  NO...NOT as well.
Why is it hard to believe Elsa is the queen of Frozen?  Because every time somebody with a small child walks past her products in a store their assets start leaking.
Knock-Knock  Who's there?  Lettuce  Lettuce Who?  Lett us make this paper  
A couple of terrorist were making letter bombs.  After they had finished, one said: “Do you think I put enough explosive in this envelope?  “I don’t know,” said the other.  “Open it and see.”  “But it will explode.”  “Don’t be stupid! It’s not addressed to you!
There was a little baby boy and a little baby girl.  Then the baby boy goes "I'm a boy, you are a girl!"  Then the girl goes  "How do you know?"  Then the little boy goes  "I'll show you when the nurse leaves." So about 10 minutes later, the nurse leaves. So the boy lifts up his gown and goes........."See I have Blue Booties, and you have Pink!
"Hi." "Hi."   "Did you eat?" "Did you eat?"  "Are you copying me?" "Are you copying me?"  "I love you!" "Yea, I ate already."
A young pupil asked, "Master, what is fate."  "Ah, my son, it is what has brought great nations together. It has made the world a smaller place in which to live. It has inspired men of worth to work endless hours. It will some day enable men to span the universe and light years of travel will soon become mere seconds in time."  "And that, my master, is fate?"  "Oh, fate! I thought you said freight."
While taking the garbage out the other day, I lifted up a pretty heavy bag of trash and threw my back out.    I had to drive all the way to the dump to	retrieve it.	 
Whenever you think you would like to go back to your teenage years... think of Algebra! 
The wife was telling me I need more exercise. I told her, "Well, I'll take up sports then."  She laughed and said, "Why don't you just order the sports channel on cable? Shaking your fist at the TV and yelling at the games is more exercise than you'll get actually playing them." 
Little Johnny was left to fix lunch.  When his mother returned with a friend, she noticed that Johnny had already strained the tea. The two women then sipped their tea happily while having lunch.  "Was it hard finding the tea strainer in the kitchen?" Johnny's mother asked.  "I couldn't find it Ma, so I used the fly swatter," he replied.  His mother nearly fainted, so Johnny hastily added: "Don't get excited, Ma, I used the old one!"   
While out for dinner with my girlfriend, she started one of those "let's be honest with each other" conversations women are good at.   			 "I want us to be totally honest with each other," she said. "I really wish you would change."	 		 "No problem!" I replied. "How about I change into your ex-boyfriend?"			 
It was Sunday morning and Mom told little Tommy to get dressed for church. She told him it was time he dressed himself. She then went to get dressed. After she was done, she went to check on Tommy.  Little Tommy was taking a long time but he finally came out and asked his mom to help him with his tie.  He had all his good clothes on except his shirt.  His shirt was one of his old shirts that was torn and tattered. She asked him, "Why did you choose that shirt to go to church?"  Tommy said, "It is the best shirt for church, because it is 'hole-y'!"
Question:   Why should you never ask a skeleton to change a light bulb?  Answer:   Cause no body will show up.
My best friend is coming up from California. He's a great guy, lots of laughs, but he does tell some really cheesy jokes!  Ah, Good Ole Monterey Jack!
Fish Number One:   "I'd give an arm and a leg to be able to get out of this lake."	 						 Fish Number Two:  "Looks like you've already donated.  Now what's your excuse?"							 
One day, I saw a friend of mine crying over a bag of chips.  I asked him what's wrong and he said that he was just following the instruction written on the bag of chips.   "Tear here to open!"
During a sermon one Sunday, the pastor heard two teenage girls in the back giggling and disturbing people.  He interrupted his sermon and announced sternly, "There are two of you here who have not heard a word I've said." That quieted them down.  When the service was over, he went to greet people at the front door. Three different adults apologized for going to sleep in church, promising it would never happen again.
How do you stop a Lumpia?  You Pancit.
Mr. and Mrs. Santa Claus were reviewing letters from children when Santa said, "I just don't know if I can grant this wish. It is impossible."  "What are they asking for?" she inquired.  "Alligator shoes," he said.  "We have all kinds of alligator shoes, what is the problem?"  "They did not give me the shoe size of the alligator."
This is me, when asked by my parents what my final exam grades were....  "I don't know what more they want? They give me questions I don't know, I give them answers they don't know."
Teacher: Joey, how do you spell 'crocodile'? Joey: K-R-O-K-O-D-I-A-L' Teacher: No, that's wrong. Joey: Maybe it is wrong, but you did ask me how I spelled it."
A security patrol officer in a senior gated community stopped an elderly gentleman in a speeding golf cart. "Sir, do you know your wife fell out of your golf cart when you hit that last speed bump?"  "Oh, that is wonderful officer", replied. "I am so relieved."  "Didn't you hear me? Your wife fell out of the cart!" the officer said in astonishment.  "You don't understand, I could not hear a thing for the last ten minutes... I thought I had gone deaf."
I walked into my sister's kitchen and found my nephew having a snack. "Where's your mother?" I asked.  "She is upstairs, said she was going to take a shower. Hang on, let me check."  He stepped into the nearby bathroom and flushed the toilet. A second later a sharp yell came from upstairs.  My nephew walked back out and said, "Yep, she's in the shower."
Q: What did the duck say when he bought lipstick?  A: "Put it on my bill." 
What did Adam say to Eve before Christmas?  "IT'S CHRISTMAS..."  "EVE!!!"
Ever wonder why all the oil wells are in Texas and the dip sticks in Washington, DC?
I was walking down an alley last night, when I heard, "Help! Help!" coming from behind a dumpster. Two thugs were trying to steal an old lady's handbag, but she was putting up a hell of a fight and wouldn't let go.   I wondered if I should get involved, or keep walking and pretend I didn't see anything. I finally decided that I should help.   It didn't take the three of us very long to get her handbag.
Sometimes I feel like no one understands me- not even Siri.  I dictated a text, on my phone, to my daughter. I said "Mom and I have been praying for you lately."  But when I checked it, I found that it read, "Mom and I have been praying for you lightly."  Yeah we didn't want to overdo it or anything.  
Q: What did the potato chip say to the battery?  A: If you are eveready I am frito-lay.
A man and his wife are relaxing at home when the phone rings. She answers and within a minute is sobbing. After she hangs up, her hubby gently holds her and asks what's wrong.  She replies that her mother has died. He finally gets her calmed down and the phone rings again. She answers and starts crying again.   She turns to her hubby and manages to choke out, "Honey, it's my sister and you won't believe this, but her mother died too!" 
Two newlyweds quickly realized their marriage wasn't working and filed for a divorce. The judge asked them what the problem was. The husband replied: "In the five weeks that we've been together, we haven't been able to agree on a single thing."  The judge turned to the wife: "Have you anything to say?"  She answered: "It's been six weeks, your honor."
Q. What day do you sneeze the most?  A. Ah Tuesday
AJokeADay has something in common with Donald trump.  Both use the slogan may the best joke win!
What do two snails do when they have a disagreement?  Slug it out!
It was this little girl's first day of school and the teacher asked her what her name was and she replied, "Happy Butt."  The teacher said, "Honey I don't think that's your name you need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out." So she went to the principal's office and he asked, "What's your name?"  The little girl said, "Happy Butt."  The principal called the girl's mother to get this straightened out once and for all. After getting off the phone he looked at the little girl and said, "Honey, your name's is Gladys, not Happy Butt."  The girl then exclaimed, "Glad Ass, Happy Butt" what's the difference? 
The professor of a university was extremely busy explaining something important with regard to his subject to the students when a girl belonging to the same class arrived late at the door and said, "May I get in, sir?"  "Don't you think you're terribly late today?" said the angry professor to the girl.  The girl then said, "When I was coming to college, a boy was following me, sir."  "I hope he hasn't stalked you. Yet, why did you get late?" demanded the professor.  Without a moment hesitation the girl replied, "But, he was walking slowly, sir." 
A man walks into a bar and sees a Polish guy, a female blonde, and a priest  The guy says to the bartender, "What is this? Some kind of joke?
Bert: Hey Ernie, would you like some ice cream?  Ernie: Sherbert
A husband had been away for a few months and had a romantic evening planned for he and his wife. He sent the two older kids to the movies but could not persuade the youngest boy to go along.  Finally he makes a deal with the boy. If the boy will go sit on the curb in front of their house, the father will give the boy 5 bucks for every man he sees go by in a red hat.  A while later the little boy comes running into the house and  bangs on the bedroom door and shouts:  "Dad, if you think you're getting screwed in there, you'd better come outside, 'cause there's a Shriner's convention going past."
Claude, the invisible man, was low on funds and started job prospecting. His employment agency called him into their office with a job opportunity.  		 "I think this would be a great job for you," said the counselor.  "A mirror salesman." 		 "I don't know," Claude replied. "I just can't see myself doing that."		 
What did the shark say to the clam when it would not share its candy?  Why are you so shellfish?
Q: What's the difference between being in prison and being a corporate employee?  A: In prison you get free health care.
A journalist ask a VIP lady: "What is man in your opinion?"  The lady replies: "Owl." "Owl?"   "Yes, owl."    "Why owl?"  The ladies answers: "Because normally man finds all good qualities and the beauty of a lady only in the darkness of night."
Your HR department just sent an email for your open-enrollment period for health-care.  There is a new option that's more expensive, but has been getting great response:  For longer term illnesses and PTSD, your plan will pay all expenses to fly to, and stay in, the Caribbean Islands, with a high deductible your kids will be paying for in 40 years.  It's called, "BAHAMA-CARE!"
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Where would Voldemort go if he played the saxophone?  Jazzkaban.
Eric went to confession on Saturday and he told Father Duffy that he had an affair with a married woman from the parish. Father Duffy asked Eric who she was and Eric said, "Father, I can't tell you."   Father said, "If you don't tell me I can't give you absolution."  Eric again said, "I know Father, but I just can't tell you."  Father Duffy then asked, "Was it Mrs. Murphy?"  "No, Father."  "Was it Mrs. O'Malley?"  "No, Father."  "Was it Mrs. O'Brian?"  "No, Father. I just cannot tell you who it was."  Father Duffy tells Eric to go out and think about it and then come back when ready to confess who it was. Eric leaves the church and runs into his friend Jim. Jim asks, "Did you tell him you had the affair?"  "Yes. He wanted to know who it was, but I wouldn't tell him."  "What did he say? Did he give you absolution?"  "Oh no, but he did  give me three new possibilities........"
Father to his son:  Do you know why I call your mother my Death Star?  Because she makes my world explode!  @dadjokehansolo
Teacher : " Which is the best month to study....?"  Student : " Octembruary."  Teacher : " Don't be silly. There's no month like that."  Student : " Exactly.... "
A person went into the office kitchen one morning and found a new blonde girl painting the walls. She was wearing a new fur coat and a nice denim jacket.  Thinking this was a little strange, he asked her why she was wearing them rather than old clothes or an overall.  She showed him the instructions on the tin: “For best results, put on two coats”.
What is brown and sticky?  A stick.
What's the use of having a train schedule if the trains are always late.  The reply from the railroad engineer.  "How would we know they were late, if we didn't have a schedule?" 
A mime was arrested and put into an invisible cell at the police station.    They figured if he can't get out of an invisible box on a stage, an invisible prison cell would be twice as difficult.		 
A young boy was walking home after school when he saw a small puppy.  He picked it up & touched it. Then he touched it again. He touched it once again, touched and touched and touched, and then he finished touching.  Like I said in the beginning, A Very Touching Story.
This Christmas, I told my girlfriend that all I wanted was an Xbox, nothing more. That’s it. Beginning and end of list, one Xbox.   You know what she got me? A homemade frame with a picture of us from our first date together.   Which was fine... because I bought her an Xbox.
Dear Algebra Teacher,   Please stop asking us to find your X!
Interviewer: How do you spell Mississippi?  Dumb Guy: Which one? The river or the state?
A woman offers a brand-new car for sale  for a price of ten dollars.  A man answers the ad, but he's slightly disbelieving. "What's the catch?" he inquires.  "No catch," the woman answers. "My husband died, and in his will he asked that the car be sold and the money go to his secretary."
Patient to psychiatrist: "I have this fear of being in tight, enclosed places." 	 Psychiatrist: "That's a very common disorder. Lots of people have the same problem." 	 Patient: "It's a little bit more complicated than that. I have an abnormal fear of being in an elevator with a bunch of department store Santa's." 	 Psychiatrist: "Take a couple of these pills and call me in the morning. You have an acute case of CLAUStrophopia."	 
Two lawyers, partners in small practice, close the shop and go to lunch. Suddenly the first lawyer says, "I forgot to lock the safe!"  "Easy, easy," his partner soothed. "We're both here, aren't we?"
May your dressing be tasty, May your turkey be plump...  May your potatoes and gravy, Have never a lump...  May your yams be delicious And your pies take the prize...  And may your Thanksgiving dinner, Stay off your thighs!
Upon entering a little country store, a stranger noticed a sign reading, “Danger! Beware of Dog” posted on the glass door. Inside, he noticed a harmless old hound dog asleep on the floor besides the cash register.   He asked the store manager, “Is that the dog folks are supposed to beware of?”   “Yep, that’s him,” he replied. The stranger couldn’t help but be amused. “That certainly doesn’t look like a dangerous dog to me. Why in the world would you post that sign?”  “Because,” the owner replied, “before I posted that sign, people kept tripping over him.”
A group of hippies gathered underneath the Washington Monument around a small bond fire.  A drunk staggered by took a long look at them and then a long look up at the Monument.  After a deep thought moment, the drunk says to the group, "You'll never get that rocket off the ground."
A boy and his mother stood in the dentist's office, looking at a display case. "If I had to have false teeth, mother, I'd take that pair there," said the small boy, pointing.  "Hush, Willie," interrupted the mother quickly, "Haven't I told you it's bad manners to pick your teeth in public?"
Two women are standing in line to pay their bill at a restaurant. As soon as it's their turn, they hand the young waitress a credit card.  After swiping the card, she loudly called out to her manager, "Mr. Andrews, what do I do if it says 'rejected'?"  As the women's faces reddened and customers turned to look, Mr. Andrews walked out from the kitchen.  "Well," he answered, wiping his hands, "the first thing you DON'T do is shout it out loud enough to embarrass the customer, who might have been thinking of leaving you a tip."
A man was sleeping when his wife shook him and said, "Wake up, someone is breaking in!"  The man had gone through this almost every night for 20 years, and he knew that the only way he would get any rest was to go and check it out. This time, however, there was a man with a gun who entered to rob the house.  As the thief was about to flee the man said, "You have to come with me and meet my wife."  Astounded, the thief said, "Why would you want me to meet your wife?"  The man replied, "Well, she's been expecting you for 20 years."
Out in Kansas, tornadoes often hit with sudden devastation, and without warning. In one case, a house was completely whisked away leaving only the foundation and first floor. A silver-haired farm lady was seen sitting dazed, in a bathtub, the only remaining part of the house left above the floor.  The rescue squad rushed to her aid and found her unhurt. She was just sitting there in the tub, talking to herself. "It was the darndest thing...  it was the darndest thing," she kept repeating dazedly.  "What was the darndest thing, Ma'am?" asked one of the rescuers.  "I was visiting my daughter here, taking a bath and all I did was pull the plug and the whole house suddenly drained away."   
"Doctor Feldman! You better get into room 313 fast, the patient is acting bizarre!" 		 "I'm on my way!" 		 Entering the room the doctor sees the patient furiously tying and twisting pieces of rope together, drawn tight into a knobby mass. He seemed totally out of control.	 	 "What are you doing? Stop that!" the doctor yells.	 	 The patient completely ignores the doc and continues to loop and interlace the sections of rope in an intense, violent manner.  		 "Again, I beg you. Stop what you're doing. You're behaving in a mentally deranged way!" 		 To which the patient replies, "Say what you will doc, but I'M KNOT CRAZY!"		 
A lawyer just purchased a new Mercedes sports car convertible and came to a stop sign. Arriving at the same time was a Hippie on a motor scooter, who leaned over and admired the beautiful car.  Annoyed, the lawyer sped away as the light changed only to see the motor scooter not only catch him, but speed  past him. Now Angry, he stepped on the gas and raced to 100 mph, passing the motor scooter. Once again the scooter passed him only this time it sailed off the road into a ditch.  Ashamed, the lawyer caught up with the scooter and asked the Hippie if he was okay and did he need help. The Hippie replied, "I'm cool man, but could you unhitch my suspenders from your mirror?"
A lady was walking down the street to work and she saw a parrot on a perch in front of a pet store. The parrot said to her, "Hey lady, you are really ugly." Well, the lady is furious! She stormed past the store to her work. On the way home she saw the same parrot and it said to her, "Hey lady, you are really ugly."  She was incredibly ticked now. The next day the same parrot again said to her, "Hey lady, you are really ugly." The lady was so ticked that she went into the store and said that she would sue the store and kill the bird. The store manager replied, "That's not good," and promised he wouldn't say it again.  When the lady walked past the store that day after work the parrot called to her, "Hey lady."  She paused and said, "Yes?"  The bird said, "You know."
Morty to his vet: "Doc, I have a problem with my dog."  Dr. Saul:  "Tell me more."  Morty: "He's a Jewish dog. His name is Seth, and he can talk."   Dr. Saul: "That's impossible!"  Morty:  "Watch this. Seth, Fetch!"  Seth: "So why are you talking to me like that? You only call me when you want something. You make me sleep on the cold floor. You give me this crappy food with all the salt and fat, and you tell me it's a special diet. And do you ever take me for a decent walk? NO, it's out of the house, a fast pish and right back home."  Dr. Saul: "This is remarkable! So what's the problem?"  Morty: "He has a hearing problem. I said 'Fetch', NOT 'Kvetch'."   
A man once drove his car into a river and I watched it turn into a mobile phone...  One minute, a Kia!  Next minute, Nokia!
A woman was walking on the beach right after a horrible divorce, feeling really depressed, and she kicks this bottle.  Out comes a genie, and he says, "I see you are a divorcee, and I hate divorcees! I have been paying me ex alimony for the past 10,000,000 years! However, you did free me, and I will give you a wish, one wish, and your ex will get five times as much."  She starts thinking what she can ask for that will be good for her and bad for her ex, first she wants to ask for a million dollars, but then understands that her ex will get five million. Then she was going to be extremely beautiful, but realizes that her ex will look even better.  After a long time of thinking she says, "I know what I want. I decided that I want to marry a great man, and give birth to his child." 
Eating too much pi, can give you a large circumference.
Amos had been drinking with his friend Joe for most of the evening when he finally said, "I need to go home and face the music, my wife will be up and waiting for me."  Joe said, "Listen, I have a cure for the angry wife waiting for me after a late night. No more sneaking up the stairs with my shoes off. I drive into the yard and screech the brakes. Then I slam the door and stomp up the stairs to the bedroom where I enter and say your stud puppy is home."  Amos replies, "What does she do then?"  "Why nothing. She just curls up on her side of the bed and pretends to be asleep."
I went to the store the other day, I was only in there for about 5 minutes and when I came out there was a motorcycle cop writing a parking ticket. So I went up to him and said, "Come on buddy, how about giving a guy a break?"  He ignored me and continued writing the ticket. So I called him a pencil neck. He glared at me and started writing another ticket for having bald tires. So I called him more names. He finished the second ticket and put it on the car with the first. Then he started writing a third ticket! This went on for about 20 minutes, the more I abused him, the more tickets he wrote.   I didn't care. My car was parked around the corner. 
Two girlfriends were chatting with each other. 		 "I only date guys with a flat-top. You know, the kind of crew cut in which the hair is cropped in a flat plane across the top." 		 "Why only those types of guys?"	 	 "They're level headed." 
During war games between two Army bases, a Sergeant had enough of a Private that didn't seem to know which end of his rifle to point at the enemy.   Instead the Sergeant gave the bumbling soldier a broom handle. "Point this at your target and yell 'Bang! Bang!' since you're too dumb to use the real thing!" yelled the Sergeant.  So during the game "capture the flag", the dumb Private ran across the battlefield yelling "Bang! Bang!"  Sure enough, the enemy soldiers fell when he aimed at them.  "This is GREAT!!" and the Private started yelling over and over "BANG! BANG!".  Soon he came across a rather huge, tall, and fairly muscular enemy soldier heading right for him.  "BANG! BANG!" he yelled.  Nothing happened.  "BANG! BANG BANG!"  Still the enemy soldier approached and was picking up speed.  The Private yelled over and over "BANG! BANG!" until the enemy soldier hit him, knocking the Private off his feet onto the ground and walked over him....  And was yelling "TANK! TANK! TANK!"  
A lady goes to customer service and asks for a refund on the disposable barbecue she has brought back to the store.  Assistant: "What seems to be the problem, madam?"   Lady: "The food is missing."  Assistant: "I'm sorry?"  Lady: "Look, on the outside of the packaging it clearly shows sausages, chops and burgers. When I opened the package they were missing."  Assistant: "Madam, it says ""contents for illustration purposes only". You have to supply the food."  Lady (somewhat sheepish): "Oh. I may as well take the other two barbecues out of the freezer, then."
Three boys are in the schoolyard bragging about their fathers.  The first boy says, "My Dad writes a few words, he calls it a poem, they give him $100."  The second boy says, "That's nothing. My Dad writes a few words, he calls it a song, they give him $200."  The third boy says, "I got you both beat. My Dad writes a few words, he calls it a sermon. And it takes eight people to collect all the money!"
A police officer pulls over this guy who had been weaving in and out of the lanes. He goes up to the guy's window and says, "Sir, I need you to blow into this breathalyzer tube."  The man says, "Sorry officer I can't do that. I am an asthmatic. If I do that I'll have a really bad asthma attack."   "Okay, fine. I need you to come down to the station to give a blood sample."  I can't do that either. I am a hemophiliac. If I do that, I'll bleed to death."  "Well, then we need a urine sample."  "I'm sorry officer I can't do that either. I am also a diabetic. If I do that I'll get really low blood sugar."  "Alright then I need you to come out here and walk this white line."  "I can't do that, officer."  "Why not?"  "Because I'm drunk."
Gladys, a resident at the local assisted living apartment complex, invited her new neighbor to her place for coffee and dessert.  Ethel, slightly younger than Gladys, sat down at the table and was anxious to spend time with her new friend. 				 "Here's your cup, and there's a teapot full of fresh tea," said Gladys.				  "What an exquisitely clean cup and saucer," exclaimed Ethel.  "How do you get them so spotless?" 				 "I do the dishes with Joy," exclaimed Gladys. "Would you like a piece of cake now?"  "And put it on this shiny clean plate? I imagine you clean your plates with Joy also?				  "All the time," replied Gladys. "It really saves me a lot of money." 				 After some more conversation, and taking the last bite of her cake, Ethel glances over and sees a furry feline approaching her. "What an adorable cat," she exclaims while taking her last sip of tea.				  "That's my little princess! Come here, Joy," as Gladys starts putting the cups and plates on the floor.  "We're all finished with our lunch!"
Did you hear about the angry fly that sat on the toilet seat all day long?  He finally got peed off.
The Ultimate Computer stood at the end of the Ultimate Computer Company's production line. At which point the guided tour eventually arrived. The salesman stepped forward to give his prepared demo. "This," he said, "is the Ultimate Computer. It will give an intelligent answer to any question you may care to ask it."  A smart-aleck who ran a humor mailing list stepped forward and asked, "Where is my father?"  There was the soft hum of powerful electronic gear going to the task. Panel lights lit and blinked, and within a couple of seconds the laser printer printed out a piece of paper: "Fishing off Florida."  The smart-aleck laughed, "Actually, my father is dead! It was a trick question."  The salesman, quickly thinking on his feet, replied that he was sorry the answer was unsatisfactory, but as the Ultimate Computer was precise, perhaps a rewording of the question might work better.  The smart-aleck said to the Ultimate Computer, "Where is my mother's husband?" Again, the hum of the powerful electronic brain filled the room.  After a moment, the laser printer whirred to life. The paper said, "Dead. But your father is still fishing off Florida."
Amos was sitting on the steps of the town store when a red convertible with Massachusetts plates rolled up and the driver says, "Hey, Bub which way to East Vassalboro?"  Amos says, "How did you know my name was Bub?"  "Just a lucky guess, I guess." replied the driver.  "Well, says Amos, see if you can get lucky again and guess the way to East Vassalboro."
Oakland Raiders football practice was delayed on Monday for nearly two hours. One of the players, while on his way to the locker room, happened to look down and notice a suspicious-looking, unknown white powdery substance on the practice field.   Practice was immediately suspended while the Drug Enforcement Agency was called in to investigate.   After a complete field analysis, the DEA determined that the white substance unknown to the players was the goal line. Practice was resumed when the DEA agents decided that the team would not be likely to encounter the substance again.
I was working as a short-order cook at two restaurants in the same neighborhood.  On a Saturday night, I was finishing up the dinner shift at one restaurant and hurrying to report to work at the second place, but I was delayed because one table kept sending back an order of hash browns, insisting they were cold.  I replaced them several times, but still the customers were dissatisfied.   When I was able to leave, I raced out the door and arrived at my second job.  A server immediately handed me my first order.   "Make sure these hash browns are hot," she said, "because these people just left a restaurant down the street that kept serving them cold ones."
What do you call a looney, lifelong small town resident?  A loco local. 
My father, a retired factory worker, keeps reminiscing about the "good 'ol days" of his younger years.    Then without skipping a beat, he'll say something like, "but it really isn't so bad nowadays." 	 Then he goes right back to how nice he had it as a teenager back in the 60's.    Then, right away it's back to the present, with "but technology today makes everything so much easier." 	 It's back and forth, back and forth from the present to the past, past to the present.	  "You know dad," I finally told him, "you're nothing but a baby boomerang!"	 
I was driving home from work when I was pulled over for not wearing a seat belt. Three days later, I got the same ticket, at the same stop, from the same cop.  “So, have you learned anything?” asked the cop.  “Yes, I have,” I began. “I’ve learned it's time to find a new way home from work.”
A guy was fixing up the floor and laying down carpet in some woman's home. As he was finishing, he noticed a bump in the carpet and figured that he had laid carpet over a package of nails he used earlier.  Rather than to take up the carpet, he decided to get a hammer and pound the package into the ground so no one would know.  When he finished that, the owner of the house walked into the room and commented on what a nice job he had done. "The carpet looks wonderful!" she exclaimed. "Here are your nails, I found them in the kitchen. By the way, have you seen my phone?"
"What does your mother do for a headache?"  "She sends me out to play."
A couple in their nineties are BOTH having problems remembering things. They decide to go to the doctor for a checkup. The doctor tells them that they're physically in good condition for their age, but if they are having trouble remembering they might want to start writing things down to help them. Later that night while watching TV, the old man gets up from his chair. "Where are you going?" his wife asks.  "To the kitchen" he replies.  "Will you get me a bowl of ice cream?"  "Sure."  "Don't you think you should write it down so you can remember it?" she asks, recalling the doctor's suggestion.  "No, I can remember it."  "Well, I'd like some strawberries on top, too. You'd better write it down because you know you'll forget it."  He says, "I can remember that! You want a bowl of ice cream with strawberries."  "I'd also like whipped cream. I'm certain you'll forget that, so you'd better write it down!" she retorts.  Irritated, he says, "I don't need to write it down. Just don't start with that! Leave me alone!! Ice cream with strawberries and whipped cream. I got it, for goodness sake!" Then he grumbles on into the kitchen.  After about 20 minutes, the old man returns from the kitchen and hands his wife a plate of bacon and eggs.  She stares at the plate for a moment and says, "Where's my toast?"
My wife and I take turns walking our five-year-old daughter to the bus stop for school every morning. Today was my turn, and as me and all the other moms in the neighborhood waited, one of them asked me to say hello to my wife.  "I will," I said. "It'll make her feel better. She has pneumonia."   "Oh, poor girl," they all said in unison. One of them crooked her eyebrow at me and said, "I hope you're helping her with the kids, the cooking and cleaning."  "I can't," I said pointing to the band aid on my index finger. "I have a hangnail."
Two women were discussing marriage, and one said, "We've been married ten years, and every night my husband has complained about dinner. Not one night without complaining about the food."  The other woman said, "That's awful. Doesn't it bother you?"  The first one replied, "Oh, no. Not in the slightest."  "You must be a saint!" commented the second.  To which the first woman replied, "Why should I object? A lot of people don't like their own cooking."
A woman with a minor injury was at the hospital because her doctor said she wanted to take a closer look at it to make sure everything was all right. The woman's husband sits patiently in the waiting room.  After a few minutes, the doctor comes out and asks her assistant for a wrench, which understandably concerns the husband.  Then, after a couple more moments, the doctor re-enters the room, this time asking for a screwdriver. The husband grows worried and begins to pace in circles. Then, a little later, the doctor bursts through the doors screaming for a hammer and at that, the husband, in a state of frenzied fear, runs up and asks, "Doctor, what the heck is wrong with my wife?"  "I don't know," replies the flustered doctor, "I can't get my bag open!"
The six year old daughter enjoyed asking questions. She enjoyed asking lots of questions. Finally, one day, the girl's mom had had enough. "Have you ever heard that curiosity killed the cat?" asked the mom.  "No," replied the girl.   "There was once a cat who was very inquisitive. One day, this cat looked into a big whole, fell in, and died!"  The little girl just stood there quietly, deep in her own thoughts. There was a pause. "So what was in the hole?"
After surgery, the doctor said to the patient, "I am sorry, but I forgot a pair of scissors inside you. I need to..."  The patient quickly responded, "Oh don't bother doctor! If it is because of that, just tell me how much it cost and I will pay you back."
If you're bidding on a job for UPS, don't send your bid by FedEx.  If your computer says, "Printer out of Paper," this problem cannot be resolved by continuously clicking the "OK" button.  If you want your refrigerator's ice maker to work, you need to hook it to a water source. Air doesn't make good ice unless it is mixed with water.  No matter how much data you add to your laptop, it will not get heavier.  A bad place to store your emergency backup diskette is on the underside of your desk drawer, secured by a large magnet.  It's okay to use the Polaroid Land Camera on a boat.  When the PC says, "Insert diskette #2," don't do it immediately. Remove disk #1 first, even if you're sure you can make them both fit in there.  When your PC says "You have mail," don't go to the company mail room and look for a package.  The French version of Netscape Navigator doesn't translate English language web pages into French.  If you're in the armed services, and it's April 1st, and you get an e-mail message to call Colonel Sanders for new orders, don't.  If you go to the computer store to buy a mouse pad, you don't have to specify whether it's for a Windows or a Macintosh.
Yo momma so fat, she has more chins than a Chinese telephone book.
March was when my son celebrated his 15th birthday and I got him an iPhone. He just loved it. Who wouldn't? I celebrated my birthday in July and my wife made me very happy when she bought me an iPad. My daughter's birthday was in August so I got her an iPod Touch.  September came by, so for my wife’s birthday I bought her an iRon. It was around then that the fight started. What my wife failed to recognize is that the iRon can be integrated into the home network with the iWash, iCook and iClean.   This unfortunately activated the iRate, which led me to the iHospital and iGet out Thursday.
Prince Charles was walking past a cheering crowd when he spotted a woman holding two babies and surrounded by five pre-teenagers. "Well," says the Prince, "You have a handful. Do you have any other children?"  "Yes, there are seven more at home"  "Your husband deserves a knighthood," said Prince Charles.  The mother replied, "He has plenty of night-hoods, but he refuses to wear them."
Betty was soon to be married. More than anything, she wanted to wear the wedding dress her mother was married in.  Betty's mother was beaming with pride as she gave her consent. Later in the evening, the family gathered in the living room to wait while Betty tried on the dress. When Betty entered the room, there was a chorus of approval.  The dress fit perfectly and looked wonderful on her. Tears ran down the face of Betty's mother. Seeing this, Betty said, "Don't worry Mom, you're not losing a daughter, your gaining a son."  "Forget about that!" she said with a sob. "I used to fit into that dress!"
I got one of those talking dog collars for my chihuahua who I named 'Ding-Bat'.  The collar is supposed to tell you what the dog is trying to say.   Ding-Bat would just glare at me and say "merk, merk". I sent the malfunctioning collar back for repair. After two weeks it came back to me in the mail with a note. “Dear Sir, your dog’s collar is in perfect working order. The problem is your dog cannot pronounce his J’s.” 
A little old lady was driving the wrong way down a one-way street and was stopped by a cop.   “Didn’t you see the arrows?” he asked.   “Arrows? I didn’t even see the Indians!” she exclaimed.
I didn't know that I had dyslexia, until I accepted an invitation to a TOGA party.... and arrived dressed as a GOAT.
I love the game, "Survivor". They start out with 20 contestants who are systematically knocked out of the game until there are only three left. The winner is the one who lies and backstabs the most people. You know, like politics. 
1.  I can't reach my license unless you hold my beer. 2.  Sorry, I didn't realize my radar detector wasn't on. 3.  Aren't you the guy from the village people? 4.  Hey, you must have been going 125 mph just to keep up with me? 5.  I thought you had to be in good physical condition to be a cop? 6.  Bad cop, No donut for you!  7.  You're gonna check the trunk, aren't you? 8.  I pay your salary. 9. That's terrific, the last guy only gave me a warning also. 10. Is that a 9 mm? It's nothing compared to this .44 magnum! 11. What do you mean, have I been drinking?  And you're a trained specialist? 12. Do you know why you pulled me over? Good, at least one of us does. 13. That gut doesn't inspire too much confidence, bet I can outrun you. 14. Didn't I see you get your butt kicked on cops? 15. I was trying to keep up with traffic. 16. Yes, I know there are no other cars around - that's how far ahead of me they are. 17. Well, when I reached down to pick up my bag of crack, my gun fell off my lap and got stuck between the brake and gas pedal,forcing me to speed out of control.
How you do catch a unique rabbit?  Unique up on it! 
After 25 years of marrriage, I took a look at my wife one day and said, "Honey, 25 years ago, we had a cheap apartment, a cheap car, slept on a sofa bed and watched a 10-inch black and white TV, but I got to sleep every night with a hot 25-year-old sexy chick. Now, we have a nice house, nice car, big bed and plasma screen TV, but I'm sleeping with a 50 year old woman. It seems to me that you are not holding up your side of things."  My wife is a very reasonable woman. She told me to go out and find a hot 25 year old sexy chick and she would make sure that I would once again be living in a cheap apartment, driving a cheap car, and sleeping on a sofa bed.    Aren't older women great? They really know to how solve your mid-life crisis. 
If life is handing you melons... You might be dyslexic.
Wanna see an idiot in glass?  Take a look in the mirror.
Wanna see an idiot in plastic?  Take a look at your driver's license.
A student decides he wants to skip school one day  Student (on phone): Hello. I am calling to inform the school that my son will not be able to attend school today.  School: And who is this?  Student: This is my mom!
One day a man was driving down the road in his truck.  His wife was sitting next to him and he had his arm around her shoulders. A police officer pulled him over because the man did not have both hands on the steering wheel. He received a ticket for unsafe driving but the man felt it was unjust. Hence, he appeared in court to try and fight the ticket. When the Judge asked him why he was not using both hands, the man replied, "Well, your Honor, I needed one hand to drive with."  After the Judge composed himself, he dismissed the ticket.
I forgot where the sun came up....  Then it dawned on me. 
A man walks out into the street and manages to get a taxi just going by. He gets into the taxi, and the cabbie says, "Perfect timing. You're just like Dave."  "Who?"  "Dave Bronson. There's a guy who did everything right. Like my coming along when you needed a cab. It would have happened like that to Dave every single time."  "There are always a few clouds over everybody."  "Not Dave. He was a terrific athlete. He could have gone on the pro tour in tennis. He could golf with the pros. He sang like an opera baritone and danced like a Broadway star."  "He was something, huh?"  "He had a memory like a trap. Could remember everybody's birthday. He knew all about wine, which fork to eat with. He could fix anything. Not like me. I change a fuse, and the whole neighborhood blacks out."  "No wonder you remember him."  "Well, I never actually met Dave."  "Then how do you know so much about him?"  "I married his widow." 
I don't take offense. Fence thieves will take a fence, though. 
There are three kinds of people in this world. Those who understand... and those who don't...
When Jesus went to the bathroom for the first time as a baby, that was the first time someone said the phrase: “Holy Crap!”
What do you see when the smog clears in California?  U.C.L.A.
My children are at the perfect age... too old to cry at night and too young to borrow my car.
During a sixth grade sex education class, the young professor asked, "What happens to a young woman during puberty?"  There was no reply from her students, so she rephrased the question. "What happens to young women as they mature?"   One girl raised her hand and answered, “We start carrying purses?” 
If a mime dies, would there be words spoken at his or her funeral?
Little Tony was staying with his grandmother for a few days.  He'd been playing outside with the other kids for a while when he came into the house and asked her, "Grandma, what is it called when 2 people are sleeping in the same room and one is on top of the other?"  She was a little taken aback, but decided to tell him the truth. "It's called sexual intercourse, darling."  Little Tony just said, "Oh, OK" and went back outside to the other kids. A few minutes later he came back in and said angrily, "Grandma, it is not called sexual intercourse! It's called Bunk Beds! And Jimmy's Mom wants to talk to you right now."
The following is an ad from a newspaper which appeared four days in a row, the last three hopelessly trying to correct the first day's mistake.  MONDAY: For sale:  R. D. Jones has one sewing machine for sale.  Phone 948-0707 after 7 P.M. and ask for Mrs.  Kelly who lives with him cheap.  TUESDAY: Notice:  We regret having erred in R. D. Jones' ad yesterday. It should have read "One sewing machine for sale cheap.  Phone 948-0707 and ask for Mrs. Kelly, who lives with him after 7 P.M."  WEDNESDAY: Notice:  R. D. Jones has informed us that he has received several annoying telephone calls because of the error we made in the classified ad yesterday.  The ad stands corrected as follows:  "For sale -- R. D.  Jones has one sewing machine for sale.  Cheap.  Phone 948-0707 after 7 P.M.  and ask for Mrs. Kelly who loves with him."  THURSDAY: Notice: I, R. D. Jones, have no sewing machine for sale.  I intentionally broke it.  Don't call 948-0707 as I have had the phone disconnected.  I have not been carrying on with Mrs. Kelly.  Until yesterday she was my housekeeper, but she has now quit.
What's the difference between a shower curtain and toilet paper?  If you don't know, I'm never having you over my house to use the bathroom!
So, my friend sent me an invitation card to her wedding. I hate weddings, so I sent her a message saying, I am sorry I can't make it now, maybe next time.   She now hates me!
Did you hear about the dentist & the manicurist who got married?  They fought tooth & nail.
One day a man drove his secretary home after she fell quite ill at work.  Although this was an innocent gesture, he decided not to mention it to his wife, who tended to get jealous easily.  Later, that night the man and his wife were driving to a restaurant.  Suddenly he looked down and spotted a high-heel shoe half hidden under the passenger seat.  Not wanting to be conspicuous, he waited until his wife was looking out her window before he scooped up the shoe and tossed it out of the car. With a sigh of relief, he pulled into the restaurant parking lot. That's when he noticed his wife squirming around in her seat.  "Honey," she asked, "have you seen my other shoe?"   
A man stops by a diner at noon, the busiest time of day, sits down at the counter and asks for a cup of coffee. The waitress, who is very busy, gives him his coffee and rushes off to help the numerous customers having lunch at the diner.   The man, who uses both creamer and sugar in his coffee, notices that the container is empty. As the waitress rushes by, he asks her to bring him cream and sugar for his coffee.   The waitress, busier than she can ever remember being before, rushes to the back to pick up more orders. As she passes the cabinet where the extra sugar and cream are kept, she sets a plate down and puts sugar cubes and creamer packets in her bosom because both her hands are full.   After she has served the two plates she was holding, she returns to the man and asks him, "How many sugar cubes did you want in your coffee?"   The man says, "Two's fine."   She reaches into her bra, pulls out two sugar cubes and drops them into his cup. "And cream?" she asks.   The man looks at her, squarely in the eye and says, "You wouldn't dare!" 
A Pastor goes to a nursing home for the first time to visit an elderly parishioner. As he is sitting there, he notices a bowl of peanuts beside her bed and takes one. As they continue their conversation, he can't help himself and eats one after another. By the time they are through visiting, the bowl is empty. He says, "Mrs. Jones, I'm so sorry, but I seem to have eaten all of your peanuts."  "That's okay," she says. "They would have just sat there anyway. Without my teeth, all I can do is suck the chocolate off and put them back in the bowl." 
Once you've seen a shopping center, you've seen a mall.
Eagles may soar but you've never heard of a weasel getting sucked into jet engines!
There is a Rookie Pilot and CoPilot and they are coming in for a landing, the Pilot says, "Damn that runway is small give me 1/4 flaps".  As they get closer the Pilot says, "Damn that's a small runway, give me 1/2 flaps."  As they're coming in closer the Pilot again says, "Damn that's a small Runway Give me Full Flaps."  After they land the Plane safely the Pilot says, "That's the smallest runway I've ever landed on."   Then the CoPilot says, "Yes it is, but look it how wide it is."
A farmer has three sons. One day, his oldest boy comes to him and pleads with him that he is graduating from school and would really like to get a car. His father says, "Son, come with me." He takes him to the barn and points to the farm tractor and says, "That tractor is needed here on the farm and I promise that as soon as it's paid for, we'll get you a car."  The boy was not too happy but he did understand that situation and said, "Okay, Dad."  A week later, his second son (10 years old) approaches him wanting a new two-wheel bicycle. Well, he gets the same excuse ... "as soon as that tractor is paid for..."  Shortly, a few days later, son no. 3, his youngest, comes bugging him for a tricycle. Again, 'ol Dad gives him the lecture about the tractor being paid for first.  While leaving the barn, the young boy, more than a little disgusted with the whole thing, sees a rooster mating with one of the hens and promptly goes over and kicks the rooster off the hens back, mumbling to himself the whole time.  His dad says, "Son, why on earth would you do something like that? He didn't do anything to you to deserve that!"  The little boy looks Dad right square in the eye and says, "Hey, nobody rides anything around here until that damn tractor is paid for.
A busy mother and her two small children, Jack and Sally, were on a train ride to the city.  Halfway through the trip, Jack asked his mother, “What was the name of the last station where this train stopped?”  The mother replied, “I don’t remember.  “Why?”  “Well,” little Jack answered, “because that’s where Sally got off.”
After being punished for losing his temper, a little boy ventured to ask his mother, “Please explain to me the difference between my foul tempered and your worn nerves.”
I'm so old that when I joined the AAA, it was a single A !
Knock, knock. Who's there? Isabelle Isabelle who? Isabelle necessary on a bicycle? 
Three drunkards were walking down the street when they came upon a pile of manure where they stopped.  The first drunkard, upon observation of the manure said to the other two, "Looks like it...” the second, bending over it and sniffing, said to the other two, "smells like it..." the third, sticking his finger in it, said, "feels like it".  "Good thing we didn't step in it", they all agreed as they turned and walked away.
A man asked his wife what she'd like for her birthday.  "I'd love to be eight again." she replied. On the morning of her birthday, he arose early, made her a nice big bowl of Coco Pops, and then took her off to the local theme park. What a day!  He put her on every ride in the park: the Death Slide, the Wall of Fear, the Screaming Monster Roller Coaster, every thing there was. Five hours later she staggered out of the theme park.  Her head was reeling and her stomach felt upside down. Right away, they journeyed to a McDonald's where her loving husband ordered her a Happy Meal with extra fries and a refreshing chocolate shake. Then it was off to the movies: the latest Star Wars epic, a hot dog, popcorn, all the Coke she could drink, and her favorite M&M's.  What a fabulous adventure! Finally she wobbled home with her husband and collapsed into bed exhausted. He leaned over his precious wife with a big smile and lovingly asked, Well, Dear, what was it like being eight again?" Her eyes slowly opened and her expression suddenly changed.  "I meant my dress size!!!!!!!  The moral of the story: Even when a man is listening, he's gonna get it wrong. 
A drunkard was trying to insert the key in the padlock, but being unsteady every time he attempted he failed. A gentleman came along and seeing the frustration of the drunkard, he offered to help him to work the key in the lock. Thanking the gentleman about his offer, the drunkard said, “It is OK. I will manage the key myself, you just hold on to this house it seems to be shaky”.
My son told his teacher the Indians could not possibly have served popcorn to the Pilgrims at the first Thanksgiving because they didn't have microwave ovens.
A young executive was leaving the office late one evening when he found the CEO standing in front of a shredder with a piece of paper in his hand.  "Listen," said the CEO, "this is a very sensitive and important document here, and my secretary has gone for the night. Can you make this thing work for me?"  "Certainly," said the young executive. He turned the machine on, inserted the paper, and pressed the start button.  "Excellent, excellent!" said the CEO, as his paper disappeared inside the machine. "I just need one copy..."
A man's doctor told him one day, "I have bad news and worse news." "Give me the bad news first," the man said. The doctor replied, "The bad news is, you only have 24 hours to live." "What?!? That's terrible! What could possibly be worse?" The doctor's answer: "I've been trying to reach you since yesterday."
Vern: Do you think Mighty Mouse could beat up Superman?   Teddy: What are you, crazy?   Vern: Why not? I saw the other day he was carrying five elephants in one hand!   Teddy: You don't know nothing! Mighty Mouse is a cartoon. Superman's a real guy. There's no way a cartoon could beat up a real guy.   Vern: Yeah, maybe you're right. It'd be a good fight, though.
A cop pulls over a carload of nuns.   Cop: "Sister, this is a 65 MPH highway -- why are you going so slow?"   Sister: "Sir, I saw a lot of signs that said 22, not 65."   Cop: "Oh sister, that's not the speed limit, that's the name of the highway you're on!   Sister: "Oh! Silly me! Thanks for letting me know. I'll be more careful."  At this point the cop looks in the backseat where the other nuns are shaking and trembling.   Cop: "Excuse me, Sister, what's wrong with your friends back there? They're shaking something terrible."  Sister: "Oh, we just got off of highway 119."
A wife asked her husband, "What do you like most in me, my pretty face or my sexy body?"   He looked at her from head to toe and replied, "I like your sense of humor."
Al: When was your son born?  Sam: In March, he came the first of the month.   Al: Is that why you named him "Bill"?
If a person is very adept at telling falsehoods about the money he owes, does that mean he's really good at telling us his LIE-abilities? 
Did you hear about the blind man who took a hammer and saw?
Mom: Having trouble with your computer, son?  Son: My PC says it can't see my printer.   Mom: I'm not surprised. Look how messy your room is.
Song of Solomon is one book of the bible dedicated solely to romantic love...   Isn't it it ironic that its initials are SOS?
I feel sorry for Moses... he spent forty years wandering the desert, eating nothing but the bread off the ground and the occasional bird, and every day a million people would come up to him and ask, "Are we there yet?"
A big-city lawyer was representing the railroad in a lawsuit filed by an old rancher. The rancher's prize bull was missing from the section through which the railroad passed. The rancher only wanted to be paid the fair value of the bull.  The case was scheduled to be tried before the justice of the peace in the back room of the general store. The city-slicker attorney for the railroad immediately cornered the rancher and tried to get him to settle out of court. He did his best selling job, and finally the rancher agreed to take half of what he was asking.  After the rancher had signed the release and took the check, the young lawyer couldn't resist gloating a little over his success, telling the rancher, "You are really dumb, old man, I put one over on you in there. I couldn't have won the case. The engineer was asleep and the fireman was in the caboose when the train went through your ranch that morning. I didn't have one witness to put on the stand. I bluffed you!"  The old rancher replied, "Well, I'll tell you young feller, I was a little worried about winning that case myself, because that darned bull came home this morning."
What do you call a cow eating grass?  A land moo'er.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis.
The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line.
A grandmother took her granddaughter to get a soft drink at a fast food place. After both grandmother and granddaughter filled their cups, the granddaughter gets a stir stick and uses it for a straw.   Grandmother says, "Why don't you get a big straw like grandma?"  Granddaughter replied, "Because my mouth is not as big as yours."
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
The Ten Commandments display was recently removed from the Alabama Supreme Court building. There was a good reason for the move.   You can’t post Thou Shalt Not Steal, Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery, and Thou Shall Not Lie in a building full of lawyers and politicians without creating a hostile work environment.
A farmer had four female pigs. Times were hard, so he decided to take them to the county fair and sell them. At the fair, he met another Farmer who owned four male pigs. After talking a bit, they decided to mate the pigs and split everything 50/50.  The farmers lived sixty miles apart. So they agreed to drive thirty miles each to a field in which the pigs could mate. The first morning, the farmer with the female pigs got up at 5 A.M., loaded the pigs into the family station wagon, which was the only vehicle he had, and drove the thirty miles.  While the pigs were mating, he asked the other farmer, "How will I know if they are pregnant?" The other farmer replied, "If they're lying in the grass in the morning, they're pregnant. If they're in the mud, they're not."  The next morning the pigs were rolling in the mud. So he hosed them off, loaded them into the Station wagon again and proceeded to try again. This continued each morning for more than a week and the farmers were about worn out.  About two weeks later the farmer with the female pigs was too tired to get out of bed. He said to his wife, "Honey, please go look outside and tell me whether the pigs are in the mud or in the grass."  "Neither," replied his wife...."they're all in the station wagon...and one of them is honking the horn.”
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?  One is heavy and the others a little lighter....
A trainee was working in the produce section of a supermarket when a customer asked him for a half a head of lettuce. The employee went into the back and told the manager that some jerk wants a half a head of lettuce. Just as the trainee says this to his manager he sports the customer out of the corner of his eye standing right next to him.  He quickly says to the manager "and this gentleman would like the other half."
I just had a call from a Charity asking me to donate some of my clothes to the starving people throughout the world.  I told them to buzz off!!!!!  Anybody who fits into my clothes isn't starving!!
A husband and wife were driving down a country lane on their way to visit some friends. They came to a muddy patch in the road and the car became bogged down. After a few minutes of trying to get the car out by themselves, they saw a young farmer coming down the lane, driving some oxen in front of them.  The young farmer stopped when he saw the couple in trouble and offered to pull the car out of the mud for $50. The husband accepted and minutes later the car was free.  The farmer turned to the husband and said, "You know, you're the tenth car I've helped out of the mud today."  The husband looks around at the fields incredulously and asks the farmer, "When do you have time to plow your land? At night?"  "No," the young farmer replied seriously, "Night is when I put the water in the hole"
A man was walking in the city, when he was accosted by a particularly dirty and shabby-looking bum who asked him for a couple of dollars for dinner.  The man took out his wallet, extracted two dollars and asked, "If I gave you this money, will you take it and buy whiskey?"  "No, I stopped drinking years ago," the bum said.  "Will you use it to gamble?"  "I don't gamble. I need everything I can get just to stay alive."  "Will you spend the money on greens fees at a golf course?"  "Are you NUTS! I haven't played golf in 20 years!"  The man said, "Well, I'm not going to give you two dollars.  Instead, I'm going to take you to my home for a terrific dinner cooked by my wife."  The bum was astounded.  "Won't your wife be furious with you for doing that?  I know I'm dirty, and I probably smell pretty bad."  The man replied, "That's OK. I just want her to see what a man looks like who's given up drinking, gambling, and golf." 
So I'm sitting in a bar across from two very large women and I say, "Cool accents are you two from Scotland?"  One yells back, "IT's WALES YOU IDIOT!"   I say, "Ok so you are two whales from Scotland?"  I don't remember much after that
How do you make a tissue dance?  A: You put a little boogie in it!
Why did the chicken cross the road?  to get to the idoit's house?  Knock, knock................  The chicken is at your door?
Two girlfriends were speeding down the highway at well over 90 mph.  "Hey," asked the brunette at the wheel "Any cops following us?"  The blonde turned around and had a long look at the road behind them.  "Yeah, looks like it"  Are his flashers on?"  The blonde turned around again......  "Yup.... nope.... yup.... nope.... yup.... nope.... yup....."
Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops. 
There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest.  He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win.  Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
After being away on business, Tim thought it would be nice to bring his wife a little gift. “How about some perfume?” he asked the cosmetics clerk. She showed him a $50.00 bottle.  “That’s a bit much,” said Tim, so she returned with a smaller bottle for $30.00. “That’s still quite a bit,” Tim complained.  Growing annoyed, the clerk brought out a tiny $15.00 bottle. “What I mean,” said Tim, “is I’d like to see something really cheap.”  The clerk handed him a mirror.
There was a kid who wouldn't learn the letters of the alphabet, so his teacher said 'go home, and learn the letters!' He went home and asked his sister  "What's the first letter?"  She said "Shut up!"  Then he asked "what's the second letter?"  She was singing along with the radio, so she said "Yeah, yeah, yeah!"  Then he went to see his dad, who was watching football, and said "What's the third letter?"  His dad said "Go! Go! Go!"  "What's the fourth letter?"  "64! 64! 64!" Then he went to see his brother, who was watching TV, and said "What's the sixth letter?"  His brother ignored him while watching TV and said "na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na BATMAN!"   The next day the teacher said. "Okay, what's the first letter?" "Shut up!" "Are you trying to get in trouble?" "Yeah, yeah, yeah!" "Do you want to go to the principal's office?" "Go! Go! Go!" "How many spankings do you want? "64! 64! 64!" "Who do you think you are?" "na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na BATMAN!" 
Me: "May I go to the restroom."  Teacher: "What for?"  Me: "To Open The Chamber Of Secrets, What the hell do you think?
Ain't it funny how the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind your car.
A couple arrived at the boarding gate just in time to see their plane taking off.  The husband was angry to have missed the plane.  “If you weren’t so slow in getting ready,” he complained to his wife, “we wouldn’t have missed the plane.”  “And if you wouldn’t have rushed me, we wouldn’t have so long to wait until the next flight,” she replied.
A Policeman came to my door yesterday and asked, “Where were you between four and six?”  So I said, "Probably in kindergarten or first grade.”
Two verbs, three adjectives, three nouns and a conjunction appeared in court.  They’re due to be sentenced next week.
A truck driver is driving along on the freeway.  A sign comes up that reads “Low Bridge Ahead.”  Before he knows it, the bridge is right ahead of him and he gets stuck under it. Cars are backed up for miles.  Finally, a police car comes up.  The cop gets out of his car and walks around to the truck driver, puts his hands on his hips and says, “Got stuck, huh?”  The truck driver says, “No, I was delivering this bridge and ran out of gas.”
The football team was getting clobbered. The first-string quarterback was injured. The second-string quarterback was injured. Even the punter was injured. All the coach had left was their third-stringer who had yet to play a down all year. He pulled the quarterback aside. "Look son, we can't afford to let them score again. We've got to run some time off the clock. Here's what I want you to do."  "On first down, run it to the left. On second down, run it to the right. On third down run it up the middle. The, on fourth down, punt it as far as you can punt it. "OK coach!" said the quarterback.   On first down he ran it to the left for 30 yards. On second down he ran it to the right for 40 more. On third down he ran it up the middle down to the one yard line. Then, on 4th down, the quarterback dropped back and punted the ball right out of the end zone.  When he got to the sideline, the coach was screaming! "What were you thinking?!!!?!!!"  The quarterback replied, "I was thinking I must be playing for the dumbest coach in the world." 
A woman in her eighties made the evening news because she was getting married for the fourth time.  The following day she was being interviewed by a local TV station, and the commentator asked about what it felt to be married again at that age and would she share part of her previous experiences, since it seem quite unique the fact that her new husband was a ‘funeral director.’   After a short time to think, a smile came to her face and she proudly explained that she had first married a banker when she was in her twenties, in her forties she married a circus ring master, and in her sixties she married a pastor and now in her eighties, a funeral director.  The amazed commentator asked her why she had married men with such diverse carriers.   With a smile on her face she explained, ‘I married one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go.’
With his ball and bat in hand Little Pete walked to home plate in an empty baseball field.   As he threw the ball up in the air, he announced, “I am the best ball player ever!”  He swung with all his power, but missed.  He did the same thing and missed again.  He picked up the ball, tossed it up one more time, said “I am the best ball player in the world!”  Then he swung and missed again.  “Wow! He said.  “What a pitcher!”  
Confusius say: "man who run behind car get exhausted"..."man who run in front of car get tired"
Q: What’s the hardest part about skydiving                                 A: The ground. 
A man is incomplete until he is married… then he is finished.
They say a man isn’t complete till he’s married; then he’s finished!
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married; then it was too late
A Cajun named, Jean Paul, moved to Texas and bought a donkey from an old farmer named Ben for $100. The farmer agreed to deliver the donkey the next day.  The next day, Ben drove up and said, "Sorry, but I have some bad news. The donkey died." "Well, then, just give me the money back," said Jean Paul "Can't do that. I went and spent it already." Replied Ben "OK, then. Just unload the donkey," said Jean Paul. "What ya going to do with him?" asked Ben. "I'm going to raffle him off," said Jean Paul. "You can't raffle off a dead donkey!" uttered Ben. "Sure can. Watch me. I just won't tell that he's dead," said Jean Paul. A month later Ben met up with the Cajun and asked, "What happened with that dead donkey?" "I raffled him off, I did. I sold 500-hunderd tickets at two dollars apiece and made a profit of $898," said Jean Paul. "Didn't anyone complain?" inquired Ben. "Just the guy who won. So I gave him his two dollars back,” said Jean Paul.  
1. My mother taught me TO APPRECIATE A JOB WELL DONE . "If you're going to kill each other, do it outside, I just finished cleaning."  2. My mother taught me RELIGION. "You better pray that will come out of the carpet."  3. My father taught me about TIME TRAVEL. "If you don't straighten up, I'm going to knock you into the middle of next week!"  4. My father taught me LOGIC. " Because I said so, that's why."  5. My mother taught me MORE LOGIC.  "If you fall out of that swing and break your neck, you're not going to the store with me."  6. My mother taught me FORESIGHT. "Make sure you wear clean underwear, in case you're in an accident."  7. My father taught me IRONY. "Keep crying, and I'll give you something to cry about."  8. My mother taught me about the science of OSMOSIS . "Shut your mouth and eat your supper."  9. My mother taught me about CONTORTIONISM. "Just you look at that dirt on the back of your neck?"  10. My mother taught me about STAMINA. "You'll sit there until all that spinach has been eaten."  11. My mother taught me about WEATHER. "This room of yours looks as if a tornado went through it."  12. My mother taught me about HYPOCRISY. "If I told you once, I've told you a million times, don't exaggerate!"  13. My father taught me the CIRCLE OF LIFE. "I brought you into this world, and I can take you out..."  14. My mother taught me about BEHAVIOR MODIFICATION . "Stop acting like your father!"  15. My mother taught me about ENVY. "There are millions of less fortunate children in this world who don't have wonderful parents like you do."  16. My mother taught me about ANTICIPATION. "Just wait until we get home."  17. My mother taught me about RECEIVING. "You are going to get it from your father when he gets home!"  18. My mother taught me MEDICAL SCIENCE. "If you don't stop crossing your eyes, they are going to get stuck that way."  19. My mother taught me ESP. "Put your sweater on; don't you think I know when you are cold?"  20. My father taught me HUMOR. "When that lawn mower cuts off your toes, don't come running to me."  21. My mother taught me HOW TO BECOME AN ADULT . "If you don't eat your vegetables, you'll never grow up."  22. My mother taught me GENETICS. "You're just like your father."  23. My mother taught me about my ROOTS. "Shut that door behind you, do you think you were born in a barn?"  24. My mother taught me WISDOM. "When you get to be my age, you'll understand.  25. My father taught me about JUSTICE . "One day you'll have kids, and I hope they turn out just like you !"
There's a band called 1023 Megabytes... they haven't had a gig yet.
Some people wake up feeling like a million bucks...  Me?   I wake up feeling more like "Insufficient Funds".
Calvin sees Elmer and asks, "What’s up?"   Elmer says, "First I got tonsillitis, followed by appendicitis and pneumonia.  After that I got erysipelas with hemachromatosis.  Following that I got poliomyelitis and finally ended up with neuritis.  Then they gave me hypodermics and inoculations."  "Boy, you had quite a time."  "I’ll say! I thought I’d never pull through that spelling test." 
Called to the scene of a magnificent celestial display, the professor watched as a bright object dashed through the skies over New Mexico.    When he returned to his observatory, reporters asked him if what he had seen was really a UFO.  Looking them straight in the eye, the impassive scientist replied, “No comet.” 
A woman was waiting in the checkout line at a shopping center.  Her arms were laden with a mop and broom and other cleaning supplies. By her hard glances and deep sighs, it was obvious she was in hurry and not a happy camper about the slowness of the line.  When the cashier called for a price check on a box of soap, the woman remarked indignantly, "Well, I'll be lucky to get out of here and home before Christmas!"  "Don't worry, ma'am," replied the clerk. "With a good tail wind and that brand new broom you have there, you'll be home in no time." 
A guy was walking beside a pond when a frog jumped out and told him that she was really a beautiful princess and if he were to kiss her, she would make him VERY happy! He picked up the frog and put it into his pocket.  A few minutes later, the frog poked her head out and said, "Didn't you hear me?! I'm a beautiful princess and if you kiss me I will stay with you and do ANYTHING you want!"  The guy took the frog out and said, "Look, I understand what you are saying, but I am a computer programmer and right now I don't have time for a girlfriend,........but a talking FROG is REALLY, REALLY COOL!"
My family was playing a trivia board game one night. When it was my brother-in-law's turn, he rolled the dice and landed on "Science & Nature."   His question was, "If you are in a vacuum and someone  calls your name, can you hear it?"  He thought for a moment and then asked, "Is it on or off?"
Brian was dating Lorraine and they were very close. While they were dating he met another woman named Clearly and wanted to start dating her but felt that he should be faithful to Lorraine. So he continued to date Lorraine. One day Brian took Lorraine on a walk in the woods by the river. As they were walking near the river Lorraine fell in and was washed away. Brian softly sang, "I can see Clearly now, Lorraine has gone..."
Two vampires walked into a bar and called for the bartender. "I'll have a glass of blood," said one. "I'll have a glass of plasma," said the other. "Okay," replied the bartender, "that'll be one blood and one blood-lite."
Joe had asked Bob to help him out with the deck after work, so Bob just went straight over to Joe's place. When they got to the door, Joe went straight to his wife, gave her a hug and told her how beautiful she was and how much he had missed her at work. When it was time for supper, he complimented his wife on her cooking, kissed her and told her how much he loved her. Once they were working on the deck, Bob told Joe that he was surprised that he fussed so much over his wife. Joe said that he'd started this about six months ago, it had revived their marriage, and things couldn't be better. Bob thought he'd give it a go. When he got home, he gave his wife a massive hug, kissed her and told her that he loved her. His wife burst into tears. Bob was confused and asked why she was crying. She said, "This is the worst day of my life. First, little Billy fell off his bike and twisted his ankle. Then, the washing machine broke and flooded the basement. And now, you come home drunk!"
A man was driving along the highway, and saw a rabbit hopping across the middle of the road. He swerved to avoid hitting the rabbit, but unfortunately the rabbit jumped in front of the car and was hit. The driver felt so awful, he began to cry. A woman driving down the highway saw the man crying on the side of the road and pulled over. She stepped out of her car and asked the man what was wrong. "I feel terrible," he explained. "I accidentally hit this rabbit and killed it."  The woman went to her car trunk and pulled out a spray can. She walked over to the limp, dead rabbit, and sprayed the contents of the can on to the rabbit. Miraculously, the rabbit came to life, jumped up, waved it's paw at the two humans and hopped down the road. Every 50 ft or so the bunny would stop, look back, and wave. The man was astonished. He couldn't figure out what substance could be in the woman's spray can. He ran over to the woman and demanded, "What was in your spray can? What did you spray on that rabbit?"  The woman turned the can around so that the man could read the label. It said: "'Hair spray restores life to dead hair. Adds permanent wave."
Miss Beatrice, the church organist, was in her eighties and had never been married. She was admired for her sweetness and kindness to all. One afternoon the pastor came to call on her and she showed him into her quaint sitting room. She invited him to have a seat while she prepared tea.  As he sat facing her old Hammond organ, the young minister noticed a cut-glass bowl sitting on top of it. The bowl was filled with water, and in the water floated, of all things, a condom! When she returned with tea and scones, they began to chat.  The pastor tried to stifle his curiosity about the bowl of water and its strange floater, but soon it got the better of him and he could no longer resist. "Miss Beatrice", he said, "I wonder if you would tell me about this?" pointing to the bowl.  "Oh, yes," she replied, "Isn't it wonderful? I was walking through the park a few months ago and I found this little package on the ground. The directions said to place it on the organ, keep it wet and that it would prevent the spread of disease. Do you know I haven't had the flu all winter." 
If a married man is walking in the woods alone and he speaks, is he still wrong?
Three sisters, ages 92, 94, and 96, live together. One night the 96-year-0ld draws a bath. She puts one foot in and pauses. "Was I getting in the tub or out?" she yells.   The 94-year-old hollers back, "I don't know, I'll come up to see." She starts up the stairs and stops. She shouts, "Was I going up or going down?"  The 92-year-old is sitting at the kitchen table having tea, listening to her sisters. She shakes her head and says, "I sure hope I never get that forgetful", and knocks on wood for good measure. Then she yells, "I'll come up and help both of you as soon as I see who's at the door." 
After 37 years of marriage, Jake dumped his wife for his young secretary.  His new girlfriend demanded that they live in Jake and Edith’s multi-million dollar home. Since Jake had better lawyers, he prevailed. He gave Edith, his now ex-wife, just 3 days to move out.   She spent the 1st day packing her belongings into boxes and crates.  On the 2nd day, she had two movers come and collect her things.  On the 3rd day, she sat down for the last time at their beautiful dining room table by candlelight, put on some soft background music, and feasted on a pound of shrimp, a jar of caviar and a bottle of Chardonnay. When she had finished, she went into each and every room and stuffed half-eaten shrimp shells dipped in caviar into the hollow of all the curtain rods. She then cleaned up the kitchen and left.  When Jake returned with his new girlfriend, all was bliss for the first few days. Then slowly, the house began to smell. They tried everything- cleaning, mopping, and airing the place out. Vents were checked for dead rodents and carpets were cleaned. Air fresheners were hung everywhere. Exterminators were brought in to set off gas canisters during which they had to move out for a few days and in the end they even replaced the expensive wool carpeting. Nothing worked.  People stopped coming over to visit. Repairmen refused to work in the house. The maid quit. Finally, they could not take the stench any longer and decided to move.  A month later, even though they had cut their price in half, they could not find a buyer for their stinky house. Word got out and eventually even the local realtors refused to return their calls. Finally they had to borrow a huge sum of money from the bank to purchase a new place.  Edith called Jake and asked how things were going. He told her the saga of the rotting house. She listened politely and said that she missed her old home terribly and would be willing to reduce her divorce settlement in exchange for getting the house back. Knowing his ex-wife had no idea how bad the smell was, he agreed on a price that was about 1/10th of what the house had been worth, but only if she were the sign the papers that very day. She agreed and within the hour, his lawyers delivered the paperwork.  A week later, Jake and his girlfriend stood smiling as they watched the moving company pack everything to take to their new home…  Including the curtain rods.
Are you sure today isn't Christmas?  I just saw a bearded man in a red coat carrying a 70 inch tv out of my neighbors house?  Must have been a wrong address? 
Q: What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?  A: You're too young to smoke.
TEACHER: Give me the opposite of this sentence…. “CHILDREN IN THE DARK MAKES MISTAKES.”  TASYA: Mistakes in the dark can make children!
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high... She seemed surprised. 
Being airborne approximately thirty minutes on an outbound evening Air Lingus&#8203; flight from &#8203;Dublin&#8203;, the lead flight attendant&#8203; nervously made the following painful announcement in her lovely Irish brogue: "Ladies and gentlemen, I'm so very sorry, but it appears that there has been a terrible mix-up... one minute prior to take-off, by our catering service..., I don't know how this has happened, but we have 103 passengers on board, and..., unfortunately, we received only 40 dinner meals... I truly apologize for this mistake and inconvenience.”   When passengers' muttering had died down, she continued..., "Anyone who is kind enough to give up their meal so that someone else can eat, will receive free, unlimited drinks for the duration of our 4 hour flight.”   Her next announcement came about 2 hours later... "If anyone would like to change their minds, we still have 40 dinners available." 
A man takes his place in the theater, but his seat is too far from the stage. He whispers to the usher, "This is a mystery, and I have to watch a mystery close up. Get me a better seat, and I'll give you a handsome tip."   The usher moves him into the second row, and the man hands the usher a quarter.  The usher looks at the quarter, leans over and whispers, "The wife did it."
His girlfriend’s father was interviewing Young Charles.   “So,” said the father, “you want to be my son-in-law, do you?"  “No, not particularly,” said Charles tactlessly, “but if I want to marry your daughter I haven’t much choice, have I?”  
Three men were at a bar discussing coincidences.   The first man said, "My wife was reading a 'Tale of Two Cities' and she gave birth to twins!"   "That's funny," the second man remarked, "my wife was reading 'The Three Musketeers' and she gave birth to triplets!"   The third man shouted, "Good God, I have to rush home!"   When asked what the problem was, he exclaimed, "When I left the house, my wife was reading Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves!!!"
I locked my keys in the car the other day...  But it was alright, I was still inside.
One day the great philosopher came upon an acquaintance who ran up to him excitedly and said, "Socrates, do you know what I just heard about one of your students?"  "Wait a moment," Socrates replied. "Before you tell me I'd like you to pass a little test. It's called the Test of Three."  "Three?"  "That's right," Socrates continued. "Before you talk to me about my student let's take a moment to test what you're going to say. The first test is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure that what you are about to tell me is true?"  "Oh no," the man said, "actually I just heard about it."  "All right," said Socrates. "So you don't really know if it's true or not. Now let's try the second test, the test of Goodness. Is what you are about to tell me about my student something good?"  "No, on the contrary..."  "So," Socrates interrupted, "you want to tell me something bad about him even though you're not certain it's true?"  The man shrugged, a little embarrassed.  Socrates continued. "You may still pass though, because there is a third test - the filter of Usefulness. Is what you want to tell me about my student going to be useful to me?"  "Well it....no, not really..."  "Well," concluded Socrates, "if what you want to tell me is neither True nor Good nor even Useful, why tell it to me at all?"  The man was defeated and ashamed. This is the reason Socrates was a great philosopher and held in such high esteem.  It also explains why he never found out that Plato was having an affair with his wife.
One Sunday, while counting the money in the weekly offering, the pastor of the Granville Presbyterian church found a pink envelope containing $1,000. It happened again the next week. The following Sunday, he watched as the offering was collected and saw a little old lady put the distinctive pink envelope in the plate. This went on for weeks until the pastor, overcome by curiosity, approached her. "Ma'am, I couldn't help but notice that you put $1,000 a week in the collection plate," he stated.  "Why yes," she replied, "every week my son sends me money, and I give some of it to the church."  The pastor replied, "That's wonderful, how much does he send you?"  The old lady said, "$10,000 a week."  The pastor was amazed. "Your son is very successful; what does he do for a living?"  "He is a veterinarian," she answered.  "That is an honorable profession," the pastor said. "Where does he practice?"  The old lady said proudly, "In Nevada. He has two cat houses in Las Vegas and one in Reno."
This man walks into the bar with jumper cables wrapped around his neck.  The bartender says, "Sir, I'll serve you, as long as you don't start anything!"
A young girl asked her father if all fairy tales begin with "Once Upon A Time?"   "No," he replied. "A whole lot of them begin with 'If elected, I promise ...'" 
The 65th annual Miss Universe was on the other night...  Funny thing is for the 65th year in a row, the winner was from Earth.
Ladies and gentlemen, hobos and tramps,  Bug-eyed mosquitoes and bowlegged ants!  I'm about to tell you a story I've never heard before,  So pull up a chair and sit on the floor.  Admission is free, so pay at the door.   One fine day, in the middle of the night,  two, dead boys got up to fight.  Back to back, they faced each other,  drew their swords and shot each other.  A deaf policeman heard the noise,  and saved the lives of the two dead boys.  If you don't believe my lies are true,  ask the blind man, he saw it too!  
Question:   Who takes care of the farm when the farmer is sick?  Answer:   The pharmacist.  
Four old Catholic women sit and brag about their sons. The first Catholic woman tells her friends, "My son is a priest. When he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'."  The second Catholic woman chirps, "My son is a bishop. Whenever he walks into a room, people call him 'Your Grace'."  The third Catholic mother says, "My son is a cardinal. Whenever he walks into a room, he's called 'Your Eminence'."  The fourth Catholic woman says, "My incredibly handsome son is 6' 2 with broad, square shoulders, good manners and impeccable style. Whenever he walks into a room, women say, 'Oh my God'."
Some people have a hard time understanding how Noah could fit all those animals inside the ark...   But what amazes me is that Noah built the ark without a single power tool.
Marriage is like a card game. They start with a pair, he shows a diamond, she shows a flush, and they end up with a full house.
What's the first symptom a computer is getting old?  Memory problems.
We received the report today that it is no longer necessary to stake tomatoes. Just dissolve a Viagra tablet in the water and they stand up strait and tall!
I hopped in a taxi and we took off for the airport. We were driving in the right lane when suddenly a black car jumped out of a parking space right in front of us. My taxi driver slammed on his brakes, skidded, and missed the other car by just inches! The driver of the other car whipped his head around and started yelling at us. My taxi driver just smiled and waved at the guy. And I mean, he was really friendly.  So I asked, "Why did you just do that? This guy almost ruined your car and sent us to the hospital!" This is when my taxi driver taught me what I now call, "The Law of the Garbage Truck."  He explained that many people are like garbage trucks. They run around full of garbage, full of frustration, full of anger and full of disappointment. As their garbage piles up, they need a place to dump it and sometimes they'll dump it on you.  Don't take it personally. Just smile, wave, wish them well and move on. Don't take their garbage and spread it to other people at work, at home, or on the streets. The bottom line is that successful people do not let garbage trucks take over their day. Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets, so "Love the people who treat you right. Pray for the ones who don't."
Chuck Norris once ran on the treadmill.  It couldn't keep up.
After twenty years of shaving himself every morning, a man in a small Southern town decided he had enough. He told his wife that he intended to let the local barber shave him each day. He put on his hat and coat and went to the barbershop, which was owned by the pastor of the town's Baptist church. The barber's wife, Grace, was working that day, so she performed the task. Grace shaved him and sprayed him with lilac water and said, "That will be $20." The man thought the price was a bit high, but he paid the bill and went to work.   The next morning the man looked in the mirror and his face was as smooth as it had been when he left the barbershop the day before. "Not bad," he thought. "At least I don't need to get a shave every day." The next morning the man's face was still smooth! Two weeks later the man was STILL unable to find any trace of whiskers on his face. It was more than he could take, so he returned to the barbershop.   "I thought $20 was high for a shave," he told the barber's wife, "but you must have done a great job. It's been two weeks and my whiskers still haven't started growing back." The expression on her face didn't even change, expecting his comment. She responded, "You were shaved by Grace. Once shaved, always shaved." 
A not-so-bright girl is flying in a plane when her pilot keels over.  She calls out: "Mayday! Mayday! My pilot is dead!"  Air traffic control responds, "Don't worry, I'll talk you through this. What's your height and position?"  "I'm five-four and I'm in the plane," she says.  "Repeat after me," says the voice. "Our Father, who art in heaven...."
A woman was telling her boyfriend that she always dreamed that she would walk down the aisle with him.   So the very next day he took her to the supermarket.
People who think that time heals everything have obviously never tried waiting it out in a doctor's waiting room!
When I was a little boy, I used to be afraid of the dark...  Now as an adult, I see the electric bill and I'm afraid of the light!
What is the soft mushy stuff between a shark's teeth?  Slow swimmers.
I just started a support group where no one sees or hears each other.   I don't know how many members there are because I don't hear or see any of them.
A Native American gentleman was at the local home improvement store purchasing a few bags of gardening soil. As he waited in line to pay for his bags of dirt, a guy behind him spoke to him. "You gonna do some planting?"  The Native American man turned to him and, with a very serious face, said, "No, I am buying my land back one bag at a time and I am getting a receipt this time."    The shocked look on the guy's face was priceless. 
The beginner's guide to decoding work emails...   I have a question  =  I have 18 questions  I’ll look into it  =  I’ve already forgotten about it  I tried my best  =  I did the bare minimum  Happy to discuss further  =  Don’t ask me about this again  No worries  =  You really messed up this time  Take care  =  This is the last you’ll ever hear from me  Cheers  =  I have no respect for you or myself
Did you know that in the Bible, baseball is the very first thing mentioned?  "In the big inning..."
Sign on church bulletin board in front of a church in a small Wyoming town...  THIS SUNDAY: DO YOU KNOW WHAT HELL IS?                            COME AND HEAR OUR NEW ORGANIST.
I got a dog and named it "Twenty Miles". This way I can tell people that I walk twenty miles everyday.
First Martian: That girl over there rolled her eyes at me. What should I do?  Second Martian: If you were a real gentleman, you'd pick them and roll them back to her!
A jogger running down a country road is startled as a horse yells at him, "Hey, come over here buddy!" The jogger is stunned but runs over to the fence where the horse is standing and asks, "Were you talking to me?"  The horse replies, "Sure was, man I've got a problem. I won the Kentucky Derby a few years ago and this farmer bought me and now all I do is pull a plow and I'm sick of it. Why don't you run up to the house and offer him $5,000 to buy me. I'll make you some money cause I can still run."  The jogger thought to himself,"Boy, a talking horse!" Dollar signs started appearing in his head. So he runs to the house and the old farmer is sitting on the porch. The jogger tells the farmer, "Hey man, I'll give you $5,000 for that old broken down nag you've got in the field."   The farmer replies, "Son, you can't believe anything that horse says. He's never even been to Kentucky." 
Where did Noah keep his bees?  In the ark hives.
What do you call a three humped camel?  Pregnant!
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda?  He was lucky it was a soft drink.
How is golf like taxes?  You drive hard to get to the green, and then you wind up in the hole. 
A Texas rancher, visiting a South Dakota farmer friend, asked him to show him his farm.   After seeing the 1,000 acre spread, the Texan bragged that down home he could get into his car, drive all day, and by evening he would not have gotten to the distant point of his ranch.  The South Dakotan simply replied, "You know, I had a car like that once."   
A lawyer is walking along the beach and spots a glass bottle in the sand. When he opens it he discovers a genie inside.  Genie: Sir, I will grant you three wishes, but you must understand that whatever you wish for, every other lawyer in the world will get double.  Man: Hmmm. Okay. First I'd like $100 million.  Genie: No problem, but just understand that each lawyer got $200 million.  Man: I understand. For my second wish, I'd like a new Porsche. In red, please.  Genie: Fine. It is in your garage. And just FYI, every lawyer in the world just got two of the same.  Man: That's okay with me.  Genie: And for your third wish?  Man: Well, I always did want to donate a kidney . . .
John was a salesman's' delight when it came to any kind of unusual gimmick. His wife Marsha had long ago given up trying to get him to change. One day John came home with another one of his unusual purchases. It was a robot that John claimed was actually a lie detector.  It was about 5:30 that afternoon when Tommy, their 14 year old son, returned home from school. Tommy was over 2 hours late. "Where have you been? Why are you over 2 hours late getting home?" asked John.   "Several of us went to the library to work on an extra credit project," said Tommy. The robot then walked around the table and slapped Tommy, knocking him completely out of his chair.  "Son," said John, "this robot is a lie detector, now tell us where you really were after school?"  "We went to Bobby's house and watched a movie," said Tommy.   "What did you watch?" asked Marsha.   "The Ten Commandments," answered Tommy. The robot went around to Tommy and once again slapped him, knocking him off his chair. With his lip quivering, Tommy got up, sat down and said, "I am sorry I lied. We really watched a tape called Sex Queen."  "I am ashamed of you son," said John. "When I was your age, I never lied to my parents." The robot then walked around to John and delivered a whack that nearly knocked him out of his chair.  Marsha doubled over in laughter, almost in tears and said, "Boy, did you ever ask for that one! You can't be too mad with Tommy. After all, he is your son!"  With that, the robot immediately walked around to Marsha and knocked her out of her chair.
Moses, Jesus and some' ol geezer are going to play a round of golf. Moses tees off, the ball goes right into the pond. No problem! Moses walks over parts the water and hits the ball again, where it lands about 1 foot from the first hole.   Jesus then tees off and the ball goes flying off to the left, hits a tree, then miraculously bounces to about 6 inches from the hole.   The' ol geezer steps up, tees off, the ball heads right for the pond, a huge bass jumps up grabs the ball in its mouth, suddenly an eagle swoops down, grabs the bass and flies over the green, the bass drops the ball and it rolls to just about 2 inches from the hole! All of a sudden a worm pops up and knocks the ball in. A hole in one.   Moses looks at Jesus and says, "You know, I really hate it when your DAD plays."
A drunk staggers into a Catholic Church, enters a confessional booth, sits down, but says nothing.  The Priest coughs a few times to get his attention but the drunk continues to sit there.  Finally, the Priest pounds three times on the wall.  The drunk mumbles, "ain't no use knockin', there's no paper on this side either!"
A teenage boy had just passed his driving test and inquired of his father as to when they could discuss his use of the car.   His father said he'd make a deal with his son, "You bring your grades up from a C to a B average, study your Bible a little, and get your bloody hair cut. Then we'll talk about the car."   The boy thought about that for a moment, decided, he'd settle for the offer, and they agreed on it.   After about six weeks his father said, "Son, you've brought your grades up and I've observed that you have been studying your Bible, but I'm pissed off that you haven't had your hair cut."   The boy said, "You know, Dad, I've been thinking about that, and I've noticed in my studies of the Bible that Samson had long hair, John the Baptist had long hair, Moses had long hair, and there's even strong evidence that Jesus had long hair."   (You're going to love the Dad's reply!)   "Did you also notice they all walked everywhere they went?
When NASA was preparing for the Apollo Project, it took the astronauts to a Navajo reservation in Arizona for training.  One day, a Navajo elder and his son came across the space crew walking among the rocks. The elder, who spoke only Navajo, asked a question.  His son translated for the NASA people: "What are these guys in the big suits doing?"  One of the astronauts said that they were practicing a trip to the moon.  When his son relayed this comment the Navajo elder got all excited and asked if it would be possible to give to the astronauts a message to deliver to the moon.  Recognizing a promotional opportunity when he saw one, a NASA official accompanying the astronauts said, "Why certainly!" and told an underling to get a tape recorder. The Navajo elders comments into the microphone were brief. The NASA official asked the son if he would translate what his father had said. The son listened to the recording and laughed uproariously. But he refused to translate.  So the NASA people took the tape to a nearby Navajo village and played it for other members of the tribe. They too laughed long and loudly but also refused to translate the elder’s message to the moon.  An official government translator was summoned. After he finally stopped laughing the translator relayed the message:  WATCH OUT FOR THESE JERKS, THEY HAVE COME TO STEAL YOUR LAND."
A new hair salon opened up for business right across the street from the old established hair cutters' place.  They put up a big bold sign which read: "WE GIVE SEVEN DOLLAR HAIR CUTS!"  Not to be outdone, the old Master Barber put up his own sign: "WE FIX SEVEN DOLLAR HAIR CUTS!"   
A husband is at home watching a football game when his wife interrupts, "Honey, could you fix the light in the hallway? Its been flickering for weeks now."   He looks at her and says angrily, "Fix the light? Now? Does it look like I have a G.E. logo printed on my forehead? I don't think so."  "Well, then could you fix the fridge door? It wont close right."  To which he replied, "Fix the fridge door? Does it look like I have Westinghouse written on my forehead? I don't think so."  "Fine," she says, "Then could you at least fix the steps to the front door? They're about to break."  "I'm not a damn carpenter and I don't want to fix the steps," he says. "Does it look like I have Ace Hardware written on my forehead? I don't think so. I've had enough of you. I"m going to the bar!"  So he goes to the bar and drinks for a couple hours. He starts to feel guilty about how he treated his wife, and decides to go home and help out. As he walks into the house, he notices the steps are already fixed. As he enters the house, he sees the hall light is working. As he goes to get a beer, he notices the fridge door is fixed. "Honey, how"d this all get fixed?"  She said, "Well, when you left, I sat outside and cried. Just then a nice young man asked me what was wrong, and I told him. He offered to do all the repairs, and all I had to do was either sleep with him or bake him a cake."  He said, "So, what kind of cake did you bake him?"  She replied, "Hellooooooo... Do you see Betty Crocker written on my Forehead!!!
The young bride's mother had some old-fashioned ideas of marriage, and passed them on to her daughter.  "Never let your husband see you in the nude," she advised. "You should always wear something."  "Yes, mother," replied the obedient girl.  Two weeks after the wedding, the girl and her brand-new husband were preparing to retire when the guy asked, "Dear, has there ever been any strange traditions in your family?"  "Not that I know of," she answered. "Why?"  "Well, we've been married for two weeks now and every night you've worn that silly hat to bed." 
My Grandma's sense of humor has always been her strongest attribute.  She was mugged a few years ago, unfortunately. As the young punk held her up and demanded all her money, she said, "I don't have any money."  "I don't believe you! I'm gonna search you! " he sneered. So he started patting her down all over really well.  "I guess you don't have any money..." he said disappointed.  "I told you," my Grandma replied. "But if you do that again, I'll write you a check!"
Once a doctor invented a birthing pain share machine, where a spouse could share the joys and pains of birthing with their partner. So a couple walks in and was ready for labor and they agreed to try the device.  The doctor diverted 1 % and checked to see how the husband felt, he said he was okay. They proceeded with 5%, 10%, 25% and up to 50% and the husband was still feeling fine. They were proud parents of a beautiful baby and proceeded to head home.  When they got home, they found the mailman dead at their front door.
Math Teacher: "If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?"  Student: "A serious drinking problem."  
Cats are beautiful, sophisticated, intelligent creatures.  And with a little love and caring, they can keep a human being alive for upwards of seventy to eighty years.  If you follow these simple instructions, you can have your human house trained in no time.  CLEANLINESS: For some reasons, humans seem to enjoy immersing themselves in running water.  Attempts to get humans to lick themselves clean have proven interesting, if unproductive.  COMMUNICATION: Humans are unable to speak a proper language. Therefore, you should communicate a point loudly, repeatedly, and if at all possible, at about three in the morning. Any attempts at human-to-cat communication can be dealt with by simply ignoring it until it stops.  FEEDING: Morning feeding should start promptly when your human is fast asleep, preferably three or four minutes before the alarm is supposed to go off. Recommended methods of waking your human include: sitting on its face, screaming in its ear, and biting its hair.  MATING: Human mating behavior is fascinating. Unfortunately, humans tend to get easily spooked by prolonged study of courtship rituals, and resort to shoe-throwing behavior.  TOILET TRAINING: A human's natural tendency is to not change your litter box. Although experts in human behavior believe it can be attributed to the "laziness reflex," this can be easily corrected through what is called "shoe therapy." Just remember that a human shoe looks a lot like a human toilet, and you should be fine.  Following these simple tips is the first step towards a long and productive cat/human relationship.
A lion woke up one morning feeling really rowdy and mean. He went out and cornered a small monkey, and roared, "Who is mightiest of all jungle animals?"  The trembling monkey says, "You are, mighty lion!"  Later, the lion confronts an ox and fiercely bellows, "Who is the mightiest of all jungle animals?"  The terrified ox stammers, "Oh great lion, you are the mightiest animal in the jungle!"  On a roll now, the lion swaggers up to an elephant and roars, "Who is mightiest of all jungle animals?"  Fast as lightning, the elephant snatches up the lion with his trunk and slams him against a tree half a dozen times, leaving the lion feeling like it'd been run over by a safari wagon. The elephant then stomps on the lion till it looks like a corn tortilla and rambles away.  The lion lets out a moan of pain, lifts his head weakly and hollers after the elephant, "Just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so upset about it!"  
Why did the chicken cross the road?  To get the chicken newspaper.   You get it?  I don't get it either. I get The Daily Herald.
A young man was hitchhiking down south and a farmer driving an old pickup truck stopped to give him a lift.  As they were driving, the farmer started bragging about how good the local moonshine whiskey was. The young man told the farmer that he didn’t drink very much, and that moonshine would probably be too strong for his tastes.  “Nonsense!” said the farmer. “You gotta try some.” He fished around behind him and finally produced a small jug. “Here,” he said, handing the jar to the lad. “Take a drink!”  “Oh, no thanks,” said the young man. “I really don’t think I care for any.”  “No, I insist,” pressed the farmer. “Have some.”  “No, thanks — really,” said the young man.  The farmer wasn’t going to take no for an answer. He stopped the truck and grabbed his shotgun from the rack in back. He pointed the gun at the lad and roared, “I said, take a drink!”  “Okay! Okay!” said the young man. He took a few swallows and instantly realized just how powerful the stuff was. His throat muscles tightened, his eyes watered, and he made a choking sound.  “What do you think of it?” asked the farmer. “Good, ain’t it?”  “Yeah,” gasped the lad, afraid he would be forced to drink more if he disagreed, “I guess so.”  Then the farmer handed the young man the shotgun and grinned. “Here! Now, you hold the gun on me and make me drink some!”
While working for an organization that delivers lunches to elderly shut-ins, I used to take my 4-year-old daughter on my afternoon rounds. She was unfailingly intrigued by the various appliances of old age, particularly the canes, walkers and wheelchairs.   One day I found her staring at a pair of false teeth soaking in a glass.   As I braced myself for the inevitable barrage of questions, she merely turned and whispered, ‘The tooth fairy will never believe this!'
Q: What did one boat say to the other?  A: Are you up for a little row-mance? 
Inside every older person is a younger person wondering what the Heck happened!
How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm?  You follow the fresh prints.
Q:  What do you call a snobbish criminal going down stairs?  A:  A condescending con descending.
A married couples, both 60 years old, were celebrating their 35th anniversary. During their party, a fairy appeared to congratulate them and grant them each one a wish.  The wife wanted to travel around the world. The fairy waved her wand and poof -- the wife had tickets in her hand for a world cruise.   Next, the fairy asked the husband what he wanted. He said, "I wish I had a wife 30 years younger than me." So the fairy picked up her wand and poof...  The husband turned 90 years old!
A Sunday school teacher asked the children in her class, "If I sold my house and my car, had a big garage sale and gave all my money to the church, would I get into Heaven?".  "No!" the children all answered.  "If I cleaned the church every day, mowed the yard, and kept everything neat and tidy, would I get into Heaven?"  Again the answer was "No!"  "Well", she continued, "then how can I get into Heaven?"  A five-year-old boy shouted out, "You gotta be dead!" 
Dolphins are so intelligent that within a few weeks of captivity they can train a man to stand on the edge of their pool and throw to them fish three times a day.
TEACHER: What do you call a person who keeps on talking when people are no longer interested?  Student: A teacher. 
A man went to the Police Station wishing to speak with the burglar who had broken into his house the night before.  "You'll get your chance in court." said the Desk Sergeant.  "No, no no!" said the man.  "I want to know how he got into the house without waking my wife. I've been trying to do that for years!"
A corporate executive received a monthly bill from the law firm that was handling a big case for his company.  It included hourly billing for conferences, research, phone calls, fax, photocopying, and everything but lunch hours.  Unhappy as he was, the executive knew that the company would have to pay for each of these services.  Then he noticed one item buried in the middle of the list:  "For crossing the street to talk to you, then discovering it wasn't you at all - $125."
Two blondes were walking down the road and the first blonde said, "Look at that dog with one eye!"  The other blonde covers one of her eyes and says, "Where?" 
Jeff had gone to propose to his girlfriend and returned home crying bitterly. "What happened, son?" his father asked, eagerly awaiting her response. "Did she accept?"  "No, she sure didn't," sobbed Jeff. "When I told her what you advised me to say, she slapped my face and told me to get out."  "Did you begin by telling her what I told you to say, what I told your mother when she accepted my proposal?  'Sweetheart, time stands still when I look in your eyes.'  Did you tell her that?" asked his father.  "Oh boy, Dad, did I got it all wrong," Jeff groaned. "I said, 'My dear, you have a face that would stop a clock!'" 
Reaching the end of a job interview, the Human Resources Officer asks a young engineer fresh out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, "And what starting salary are you looking for?"  The engineer replies, "In the region of $125,000 a year, depending on the benefits package."  The interviewer inquires, "Well, what would you say to a package of five weeks vacation, 14 paid holidays, full medical and dental, company matching retirement fund to 50% of salary, and a company car leased every two years, say, a red Corvette?"  The engineer sits up straight and says, "Wow! Are you kidding?" The interviewer replies, "Yeah, but you started it." 
Nutella: Noun  God's favourite spreadable condiment; typically manufactured by pixies in the magical Land of Yum.
A new Priest arrived in a small town  and was trying to find the local church. He spotted Little Johnny playing in the street and said "could you help me please" Could you tell me where the local church is? Little Johnny said, "sure, if you go down the street to the 2nd crossing, then turn right, go about another 200 metres and turn left at the next turning and you will find the church about 200 metres on the left side of the road" Thank you said the priest and if you come to church on Sunday, I will help you find God. No chance said Johnny, if you could find the church, what chance have you got in finding God???
So the Judge asks the Policeman........ So officer what do you think about the man that was shot using a starting pistol ?  The Policeman said "I think it was Race related your honour" ;-) 
Whats the difference between a lightbulb and a pregnant woman?  You can unscrew a lightbulb!
A wife got so mad at her husband she packed his bags and told him to get out. As he walked to the door she yelled, "I hope you die a long, slow, painful death."  He turned around and said, "So, you want me to stay?"
During a recent password audit by a company, it was found that an employee was using the following password: "MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento" When asked why she had such a long password, she rolled her eyes and said: "Hello! It has to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital."
One who runs in front of the car gets tired. One who runs behind gets exhausted.
What did the Pacific Ocean say to the Atlantic Ocean? Nothing; It just waved.
A Son who was schooling far away from home once sent a sms to his father. “Father, the situation here is critical. Please, send me some money, suicide contemplated”.  The Father replied, Son, the situation at home is more critical. Suicide approved.
Why are ET's eyes so BIG?  He saw his phone bill. 
"Make me one with everything," says the Buddhist to the tofu hot dog vendor.  Then, after getting his tofu hot dog, the Buddhist hands the vendor a $20 bill.  The vendor takes the money and begins helping the next customer.  The Buddhist looks puzzled and asks the vendor, "Where is my change?"  The vendor replies, "Change comes from within."
Q: How do you get a one armed Scotsman out of a tree?  A: You wave at him
A man seating on a window seat discovered two engines on fire.  He began to holler, two engines on fire! Two engines on fire!   The passengers began to panic.  Suddenly the pilot ran from the cockpit with a parachute on his back.  “Don’t worry”! He yelled.  I’m going for help!
The difference between complete and finished? If you marry the right one, that's complete.  If you marry the wrong one, that's finished.  If you marry the right one and then get caught with the wrong one, that's completely finished.   From Readers Digest
If pro is the opposite of con, what's the opposite of progress? Congress!
A man and a woman are eating in a restaurant. Suddenly, the woman got something stuck in her throat, causing her to choke. The man rushes outside, cuts a limb off a tree and whacks the woman across the back with it, dislodging the object in her throat. The headline in the paper read "Man gives woman the hemlock maneuver"
Read this from Readers Digest a long time ago: One day a Cowpoke riding the plains, came upon a warrior with his head down on the ground with his ear on a wagon track, the warrior looked up at the cowpoke and said" Wagon with two horses, one black, one white, man with beard drive, smoke pipe, women ride, wear blue dress with bonnet" the cowpoke looks at the warrior and said" you mean you can tell me all that just by listening to a wagon track? The warrior looked up and replied, "No! Run over me half hour ago...
Guy:  Haven’t I seen you someplace before? Girl:  Yes, that’s why I don’t go there anymore.  
A famous scientist developed a formula to bring statues to life.  He went to a local park to try it out on a statue of Gen. Ulysses Grant. After application, Gen Grant began to move and soon was completely alive.  The scientist asked, "What's the first thing you'll do, General?" The general answered while drawing his pistol "I'm going to kill about a million damn pigeons!" 
If a man is in the forest, talking to himself, with no woman around is he still wrong?
A man takes his dog to the vet.  “My dog is crossed eyed, is there anything you can do for him?  “Well,” says the vet, “let’s take a look at him.”  So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth.  Finally, he says, “I’m going to have to put him down.”  “What? Because he is cross-eyed?” “No, because he’s really heavy.” 
When is bad luck to be followed by a black cat? When you’re a mouse! 
Q: How do you know an Antartian has been using the computer? A: There is White-Out on the screen.
A mother says to her small son who is being mean as usual, “How do you expect to ever get into Heaven?” To this her son replies" I figure I'll just run in and out the pearly gates until St. Peter says either stay in or out"!
What's the difference between ignorance and indifference? I don't know and I don't care!
Man: He must be so happy! Woman: Who? Man: Your father. Woman: Why? Man: Because he gets to see an angel everyday.
A woman who ran to the mall for a quick errand lost her purse, but an honest teenage boy returned it to her.  The woman looked inside her purse and remarked, "That's strange. Earlier I had a $20 bill inside, but now it's gone, and instead I see two fives and a ten."  "That's right," the boy explained. "The last time I found a lady's purse, she did not have change for a reward."
Mr. and Mrs. Thorne had just reached the airport in the nick of time to catch the plane for their two-week's vacation in Majorca. "I wish we'd brought the piano with us," said Mr. Thorne.   "What on earth for?" asked his wife.  "I've left the tickets on it." 
To celebrate their fiftieth wedding anniversary, a couple returned to their honeymoon hotel.  After retiring to bed, the wife said, “Darling, do you remember how you stroked my hair?” and so he stroked her hair.  She reminded him of the way they had cuddled, and so they did.  Then, with a sigh, she whispered, “Won’t you nibble my ear again?” With that, the husband got out of bed and left the room.  “Where are you going?” cried the wife. “To get my teeth,” he said.  
A drunk was leaning against a lamppost staring up at a signboard and yelling, "It can't be done, it's too big!  Another drunk staggered by and slurred, "What can't be done?"  The other drunk answered.  "What does that sign say, 'DRINK CANADA DRY'.  "It's just too damn big, it can’t be done!" 
It was two o'clock in the morning and a husband and wife were asleep, when suddenly the phone rang.  The husband picked up the phone and said, "Hello? (Pause as he listens.) How the heck do I know? What am I, the weather man?" and promptly slammed the phone down.   His wife rolls over and asks, "Who was that?"   The husband replies, "I don’t know. Some guy who wanted to know if the coast was clear."
After dying in a car crash, three friends find themselves at an orientation to enter heaven. Each one was asked, "When you are in your casket, what would you like to hear your friends and family saying about you?"   Sean says, "I would like to hear them say I was a great doctor and a great family man."   Karl says, "I would like to hear them say I was a wonderful husband and an excellent teacher who made a difference in children's lives."   Juan says, "I would like to hear them say, 'Look! He's moving!'"
One reason the Military Services have trouble operating jointly is that they don't speak the same language. For example, if you told Navy personnel to "secure a building," they would turn off the lights and lock the doors. The Army would occupy the building so no one could enter. Marines would assault the building, capture it, and defend it with suppressive fire and close combat. The Air Force, on the other hand, would take out a three-year lease with an option to buy.
What did the mayo say when someone opened the refrigerator door?  "Close the door, I'm dressing!"
A city slicker moves to the country and decides he's going to start farming. He goes to the local co-op and tells the man, "Give me 100 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. A week later the man returns and says, "Give me 200 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. Again, a week later the man returns. This time he says, "Give me 500 baby chickens." "Wow!" the co-op man replies. "You must really be doing well. "Naw," said the man with a sigh. "I'm either planting them too deep or too far apart!"
Drunks    Two drunks are driving down the highway, drinking their beer. All of a sudden the driver notices lights flashing in his mirror; the cops are on his tail. His buddy says, "What are we going to do?" The driver says, "Don't worry. Just do exactly what I tell you and everything will work out perfectly. First, peel the labels off our beer bottles and we'll each stick one on our forehead. Then shove the bottles underneath the seat, and let me do the talking." They pull over and the cop walks up to the car. He looks at them kind of funny, but asks to see the guy's driver's license. And he asks him, "Have you been drinking?" "Oh, no, sir," the driver replies. "I noticed you weaving back and forth across the highway. Are you *sure* you haven't been drinking?" the cop asks. "Oh, no, sir," the drunk answers. "We haven't had a thing to drink tonight." "Well, I've got to ask you," says the cop, "What on earth are those things on your forehead?" "That's easy, Officer," says the drunk. "You see, we're both alcoholics, and we're on the patch."
For her 87th birthday Ruth who was not acquainted with modern technology, was given a new cell phone by her son. After setting it up and showing her how to use it he went home and called her.  "How is your new phone working, Mom." Her reply astonished him. "Oh we took it back. It wouldn't work. It did not even have a cord."
A science teacher walked by Taipei 101 and saw a man on top of the building ready to jump. He quickly shouted out "Don't do it!! You have so much potential!!"
After officiating at a baptism the priest was invited back to the parents home for tea and cake. He changed out of his vestments and went to the home where one little 4-year old boy kept staring at his white collar.  The priest finally said to the little boy, "Do you know what the white collar means that I am wearing?"  "Yes I do.", the little boy said.  "It means that you won't have flees or ticks for three months."
A man and his wife were arguing over sex.  Man: Sex is work! Wife: Sex is pleasure! Man: I don’t blame you, you don’t know what men are going through. Wife: All I know is that sex is pleasure whether you like it or not.  The argument lasted for a long time until they decided to invite their house help to hear his own version.  House Help: Yes Sir? Man: Is sex work or pleasure? House Help: Ehmmm. Boss, sex is pleasure because if sex was work, you would have called on me to do it.
Teachers Three college professors were driving down the highway at a very slow speed. A policeman pulled them over and explained that driving so slowly on the highway could be hazardous. The driver pointed out the sign that read "20." He explained that he was going 20 mph because of the sign. The policeman pointed out that the sign indicated they were driving on Highway 20. Somewhat embarrassed the professor apologized and promised to be more observant. As the policeman turn to walk back to his car, he noticed the other two professors on the floor ...looking scared to death! He asked the driver, "What's wrong with them?" The driver replied, "We just turned off Highway 105." 
Three Friends  Three friends - a surgeon, an engineer, and a politician - were discussing which of their professions was the oldest. The surgeon said "Eve was created from Adan's rib - a surgical procedure." The engineer replied: "before Adam and Eve, order was created out of chaos, and that was an engineering job." The politician said, "Yes, but who do you suppose created the chaos?"
There are three ways a man wears his hair - parted- unparted or departed
A manager at Walmart had the task of hiring someone to fill a job opening.  After sorting through a stack of resumes, he found four people who were equally qualified.  He decided to call the four in and ask them only one question.  Their answer would determine which of them would get the job.   The day came and as the four sat around the conference room table, the interviewer asked, "What is the fastest thing you know of?"  The first man replied, "A thought.  It just pops into your head.  There's no warning."   "That's very good!" replied the interviewer. "And, now you sir?" he asked the second man.  "Hmm, let me see, a blink!  It comes and goes and you don't know that it ever happened.  A blink is the fastest thing I know of."   "Excellent!" said the interviewer.  "The blink of an eye, that's a very popular cliché for speed."  He then turned to the third man, who was contemplating his reply.   "Well, out at my dad's ranch, you step out of the house, and on the wall, there's a light switch.  When you flip that switch, way out across the pasture, the light on the barn comes on in less than an instant.  Yep, turning on a light is the fastest thing I can think of."   The interviewer was very impressed with the third answer and thought he had found his man.  "It's hard to beat the speed of light," he said.  Turning to Bubba, the fourth and final man, the interviewer posed the same question.   Old Bubba replied, "After hearing the previous three answers, it's obvious to me that the fastest thing known is Diarrhea."   "What!?" said the interviewer, stunned by the response.    "Oh sure," said Bubba. "You see, the other day I wasn't feeling so good, and I ran for the bathroom, but before I could think, blink, or turn on the light, I had already crapped my pants."   Bubba is now the new greeter at a Walmart near you!
Q: Why did the picture go to jail?   A: Because it was framed.  
Tooth Fairy  Dear _________________________________  Thank you for leaving (01) tooth under your pillow last night.  While we make every attempt to leave a monetary reward in the case of lost or stolen children's teeth, we were unable to process your request for the following reason(s) indicated below:  ( ) the tooth could not be found ( ) it was not a human tooth ( ) we do not think that pieces of chicken bone are very funny ( ) we were unable to approach the tooth due to excessive odor ( ) the tooth has previously been redeemed for cash ( ) the tooth did not originally belong to you ( ) the tooth fairy does not process fingernails ( ) your request has been forwarded to the Nerve Ending Fairy for appropriate action ( ) you were overheard to state that you do not believe in the tooth fairy ( ) you are age 12 or older at the time your request was received ( ) the tooth is still in your mouth ( ) the tooth was guarded by a vicious fairy-eating dog at the time of our visit ( ) no nightlight was on at the time of our visit ( ) the snacks provided for the tooth fairy were not satisfactory, or were missing ( ) we discovered evidence of unsafe tooth extraction as follows:         (  ) string         (  ) pliers         (  ) gunpowder         (  ) hammer marks         (  ) chisel         (  ) part of skull attached to tooth         (  ) no dental care ( ) other:  Instead of the usual cash redemption, we have provided the following certificate, which you may attempt to exchange at a retail store near you.  Thank you for your request, and we look forward to serving you in the future.  Sincerely,   The Tooth Fairy
Two men are sitting at a bar when one of the men stops drinking and says "MY WIFE IS AN ABSOLUTE ANGEL". The other man turns to him an says " YOUR LUCKY MINE'S STILL ALIVE"
Although the photographer and the art thief were close friends, neither had ever taken the other's picture.
A husband is having a beer at the pub with his friends when he sends an email to his wife.  "What are you emailing her?" asked one.  He reads his message out loud, "Having a beer with the boys. If I'm not home in twenty minutes, read this email again."
Teacher: If there are seven flies and I hit one with a ruler, how many are left?  Little Johnny: Just the squashed one.
Joan invited some people to dinner. At the table, she turned to her six-year-old daughter and said, "Would you like to say the blessing?"  "I wouldn't know what to say," the girl replied.  "Just say what you hear Mommy say," Joan answered.  The girl thought for a minute, then bowed her head and said, "Lord, why on earth did I invite all these people to dinner?"
The economy is terrible. At the beginning of the year, the politicians promised things would improve by the last quarter...   Well, I'm down to my last quarter and they haven't improved!
When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $85. That's when I finally understood why in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship. 
An old man gets out of prison, after many years being locked up. He stands at the pavement, and yells, "I'm free! I'm free!"   As he shouts, a little kid walks up to him happily and joins, “I’m four! I’m four!"
After their baby was born, the panicked father went to see the Obstetrician. "Doctor," the man said, "I don't mind telling you, but I'm a little upset because my daughter has red hair. She can't possibly be mine!"  "Nonsense," the doctor said. "Even though you and your wife both have black hair, one of your ancestors may have contributed red hair to the gene pool."  "It isn't possible," the man insisted. "This can't be, our families on both sides had jet-black hair for generations."  "Well," said the doctor, "let me ask you this. How often do you have sex?"  The man seemed a bit ashamed. "I've been working very hard for the past year. We only made love once or twice every few months."  "Well, there you have it!" The doctor said confidently.  "It's rust."
Q: How does a woman scare a gynecologist?   A: By becoming a ventriloquist! 
Carlos told his wife he wanted a guitar to play while sitting in the Jacuzzi.   The next day she bought him an electric guitar.
Q: What did the janitor yell when he jumped out of the closet?   A: "Supplies!"
I was visiting my daughter last night when I asked if I could borrow a newspaper.    "This is the 21st century," she said. "We don't waste money on newspapers. Here, use my iPad.".    I can tell you this... That fly never knew what hit him! 
I couldn’t decide whether to go to Salt Lake City or Denver for vacation, so I called the airlines to get prices. “Airfare to Denver is $300,” the cheery salesperson replied.  “And what about Salt Lake City?”  “We have a really great rate to Salt Lake—$99,” she said “but there is a stopover.”  “Where?”  “In Denver,” she said.
When the waitress in a New York City restaurant brought him the soup of the day, the Englishman was a bit dismayed. "Good heavens," he said, "what is this?"  "It's bean soup," she replied.  "I don't care what it's been," he replied. "I want to know what it is now?" 
Why did the EMT's travel in sets of two?  They wanted to be a pair-of-medics.
There was this world famous painter. In the prime of her career, she started losing her eyesight. Fearful that she might not be able to paint anymore, she went to see the best eye surgeon in the world.  After several weeks of delicate surgery and therapy, her eyesight was restored. The painter was so thankful that she decided to show her gratitude by repainting the doctor's office. Part of her work included painting a gigantic eye on one wall.  When she had finished her work, she held a press conference to showcase her works of art in the doctor's office. During the press conference, one reporter noticed the eye on the wall, and asked the doctor, "What was your first reaction upon seeing your newly painted office, especially that large eye on the wall?"  To this, the eye doctor responded, "I said to myself, 'Thank God I'm not a urologist.'" 
If convenience stores are open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, why are there locks on the doors?
A happily married man had only one complaint, his wife was always nursing sick birds. One cold evening, he came home to find a raven with a splint on its beak sitting in his favorite chair.  On the dining room table there was a feverish eagle pecking at an aspirin while in the kitchen his wife was comforting a shivering little wren that she found.  The furious spouse strode over to where his wife was toweling down the cold little bird.  "I can't take it any more! We've got to get rid of all of these darn..."  The wife held up her hand to cut him off in mid-curse. "Please dear," she said, "not in front of the chilled wren."
Photographer to young man: "It will make a much better picture if you put your hand on your father's shoulder."  Father: "It would be much more realistic if he had his hand in my pocket."
A married couple was celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary. At the party everybody wanted to know how they managed to stay married so long in this day and age.  The husband responded, "On our wedding day, we came to an agreement. I would make all the major decisions and my wife would make all the minor decisions. And now, after 60 years of marriage, I can truthfully say that we have never needed to make a MAJOR decision."  
A teacher told her young class to ask their parents for a family story with a moral at the end of it, and to return the next day to tell their stories.  In the classroom the next day, Joe gave his example first, "My dad is a farmer and we have chickens. One day we were taking lots of eggs to market in a basket on the front seat of the truck when we hit a big bump in the road; the basket fell off the seat and all the eggs broke. The moral of the story is not to put all your eggs in one basket."  "Very good," said the teacher.  Next, Mary said, "We are farmers too. We had twenty eggs waiting to hatch, but when they did we only got ten chicks. The moral of this story is not to count your chickens before they're hatched."  "Very good," said the teacher again, very pleased with the response so far.  Next it was Barney's turn to tell his story. "My dad told me this story about my Aunt Karen. Aunt Karen was a flight engineer in the war and her plane got hit. She had to bail out over enemy territory and all she had was a bottle of whisky, a machine gun and a machete."  "Go on," said the teacher, intrigued.  "Aunt Karen drank the whisky on the way down to prepare herself; then she landed right in the middle of a hundred enemy soldiers. She killed seventy of them with the machine gun until she ran out of bullets. Then she killed twenty more with the machete till the blade broke. And then she killed the last ten with her bare hands."  "Good heavens," said the horrified teacher, "What did your father say was the moral of that frightening story?"  "Stay away from Aunt Karen when she's been drinking." 
There was a man who computed his taxes and found that he owed $3,407. He packaged up his payment and included this letter:  Dear IRS:  Enclosed is my tax return & payment. Please take note of the attached article from the USA Today newspaper. In the article, you will see that the Pentagon is paying $171.50 for hammers and NASA has paid $600.00 for a toilet seat.  Please find enclosed four toilet seats (value $2,400) and six hammers (value $1,029).   This brings my total payment to $3,429.00. Please note the over-payment of $22.00 and apply it to the "Presidential Election Fund," as noted on my return. Might I suggest you the send the above mentioned fund a "1.5 inch screw." (See attached article...HUD paid $22.00 for a 1.5 inch Phillips Head Screw.)  It has been a pleasure to pay my tax bill this year, and I look forward to paying it again next year. 
At one point during a baseball game, the coach said to one of his young players, "Do you understand what cooperation is? What a team is?"  The little boy nodded in the affirmative.  "Do you understand that what matters is whether we win together as a team?"  The little boy nodded yes.  "So," the coach continued, "when a strike is called, or you're out at first, you don't argue or curse or attack the umpire. Do you understand all that?"  Again the little boy nodded.  "Good," said the coach. "Now go over there and explain it to your mother." 
Yo momma so old, her birth certificate says expired on it. 
Simple Home Remedies  1. If you are choking on an ice cube simply pour a cup of boiling water down your throat. Presto!  2. Avoid cutting yourself slicing vegetables by getting someone else to hold while you chop.  3. Avoid arguments with the Mrs. about lifting the toilet seat by using the sink.  4. For high blood pressure sufferers: simply cut yourself and bleed for a few minutes, thus reducing the pressure in your veins. Remember to use a timer.  5. A mouse trap, placed on top of your alarm clock, will prevent you from rolling over and going back to sleep after you hit the snooze button.  6. If you have a bad cough, take a large dose of laxatives.  7. You only need two tools in life - WD-40 and Duct Tape. If it doesn't move and should, use the WD-40. If it shouldn't move and does, use the duct tape.  8. Remember: Everyone seems normal until you get to know them. 
The REAL Night Before Christmas (By Parents)   'Twas the night before Christmas when all through the house I searched for the tools to hand to my spouse  Instructions were studied and we were inspired, in hopes we could manage "Some Assembly Required."  The children were quiet (not asleep) in their beds, while Dad and I faced the evening with dread: a kitchen, two bikes, Barbie's townhouse to boot! And now, thanks to Grandpa, a train with a toot!  We opened the boxes, my heart skipped a beat - let no parts be missing or parts incomplete!  Too late for last-minute returns or replacement; if we can't get it right, it goes straight to the basement! When what to my worrying eyes should appear but 50 sheets of directions, concise, but not clear,  With each part numbered and every slot named, so if we failed, only we could be blamed. More rapid than eagles the parts then fell out, all over the carpet they were scattered about.  "Now bolt it! Now twist it! Attach it right there! Slide on the seats, and staple the stair! Hammer the shelves, and nail to the stand." "Honey," said hubby, "you just glued my hand."  And then in a twinkling, I knew for a fact that all the toy dealers had indeed made a pact to keep parents busy all Christmas Eve night with "assembly required" till morning's first light.  We spoke not a word, but kept bent at our work, till our eyes, they went blurry; our fingers all hurt. The coffee went cold and the night, it wore thin before we attached the last rod and last pin.  Then laying the tools away in the chest, we fell into bed for a well-deserved rest. But I said to my husband just before I passed out, "This will be the best Christmas, without any doubt.  Tomorrow we'll cheer, let the holiday ring, and not run to the store for one single thing! We did it! We did it! The toys are all set for the perfect, most magical, Christmas, I bet!"  Then off to dreamland and sweet repose I gratefully went, though I suppose there's something to say for those self-deluded- I'd forgotten that BATTERIES are never included!
Teacher, "Martha, come to the blackboard and tell us on the world map where America is."  Martha point to America correctly.  Teacher, "Good. Now John, you tell us who discovered America"  John, "Martha just did" 
My friend was adamant that onions are the only food that can make people cry. So to prove him wrong I smashed a coconut in his face!
Emailing professors be like:  *polite greeting *multiple paragraphs *perfect grammar  Professor's reply:  ''Sure." -Sent from my iPhone
Little Johnny wanted to go to the zoo and pestered his parents for days. Finally his mother talked his reluctant father into taking him.  "So how was it?" His mother asked when they returned home.  "Great," Little Johnny replied.  "Did you and daddy have a good time?" Asked his mother.  "Yeah, daddy really liked it too," exclaimed Little Johnny, "especially when one of the animals came home at 30 to 1!" 
To get a massive and immediate attention from a buyer, the Vacuum Cleaner salesman opens a bag of horse manure and spreads it all over the carpet.  Then he says to the possible buyer with confidence, "Mrs. if this vacuum cleaner can't clean all that manure I will eat the rest!"  The lady asks, "Do you want ketchup with that?"  Why the salesman ask?  "Because we just moved in and we don't have electricity yet!"
If you love someone, set him free.  If he comes back, I think we can charge him for re-installation fees, but tell him that he's getting an upgrade. 
Memory Class: An elderly couple had been experiencing declining memories, so they decided to take a power memory class where one is taught to remember things by association.   A few days after the class, the old man was outside talking with his neighbor about how much the class helped him.  "What was the name of the Instructor? " asked the neighbor.  "Oh, ummmm, let's see," the old man pondered.  "You know that flower, you know, the one that smells really nice but has those prickly thorns, what's that flower's name?"  "A rose? " asked the neighbor.   "Yes, that's it," replied the old man.  He then turned toward his house and shouted, "Hey, Rose, what's the name of the Instructor we took the memory class from?"
How are you getting on with your exams?” “Not bad. The questions are easy enough – it’s the answers I have trouble with!” 
1) Teen age - Have time + energy , but no money  2) Working age - Have money + energy , but no time  3) Old age - Have time + money , but no energy 
Patient comes to the doctor.  Doctor: So, what concerns you?  Patient: Dr, everyone ignores me!  Doctor: Next! Lol!!
Doctor! I have a serious problem, I can never remember what i just said.  When did you first notice this problem?  What problem?
 A woman gets on a bus with her baby. The bus driver says: ''Ugh, that's the ugliest baby I've ever seen!'' The woman walks to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her: ''The driver just insulted me!'' The man says: ''You go up there and tell him off. Go on, I'll hold your monkey for you.''
A Nigerian Pastor and his driver died in a car crash and went to heaven. Both of them were welcomed. The angel on duty showed the driver a 3-storey duplex of pure gold and said "this is your mansion". He showed the pastor a small wooden shed and said "this is your dwelling place!"  The pastor was confused. "I don't understand", he said. "Why should my driver get a golden duplex while all I get this wooden shed for eternity? I have been a faithful preacher for several years."  The angel replied, "when you preached, people slept. But whenever your driver drove, people cried to God!"
It doesn't matter what color the cup is, just DO NOT give it to the "two girls"
To get away from their high-stress jobs, a couple enjoyed spending weekends relaxing in their motor home.  When they found their peace and quiet disturbed by well-meaning, but unwelcome, visits from other campers, their came up with a plan to assure themselves some privacy.  When they set up camp, they placed this sign on the door of their RV:  “Insurance Agent.  Ask about our term life package”
Toward the end of a particularly trying round of golf, Jack was the picture of frustration.  He’d hit too many far shots.  Finally he blurted out to his caddie, “I’d move heaven and earth to break a hundred on this course.”  “Try heaven,” replied the caddie.  “You’ve already moved most of the earth.”
A couple is sitting on the porch sipping wine. The wife says, "I love you." The husband says, "Is that you or the wine talking?" The wife replies, "It's me, talking to the wine." 
In a recent issue of "Meat & Poultry" magazine, there was the following story... It seems the US Federal Aviation Administration has a unique device for testing the strength of windshields on airplanes. The device is a gun that launches a dead chicken at a plane's windshield at approximately the speed the plane flies. The theory is that if the windshield doesn't crack from the carcass impact, it'll survive a real collision with a bird during flight.   It seems the British were very interested in this and wanted to test a windshield on a brand new, speedy locomotive they're developing. They borrowed the FAA's chicken launcher, loaded the chicken and fired. The ballistic chicken shattered the windshield, went through the engineer's chair, broke an instrument panel and embedded itself in the back wall of the engine cab. The British were stunned and asked the FAA to recheck the test to see if everything was done correctly.  The FAA reviewed the test thoroughly and had one recommendation: "Use a thawed chicken."
A Lady on a commuter train is reading a newspaper article about life and death statistics. Fascinated, she turns to the man next to her and asks, “Did you know that every time I breathe somebody dies?”   “Really?” he says. “Have you tried a good mouthwash?”
It may be true that the early bird gets the worm, but it's the tardy mouse that gets the cheese!
Research has determined that the shelf life of fruitcake is longer than the shelf itself.   
An exceptional pilot uses his exceptional knowledge to avoid needing his exceptional skill.
A woman with a baby walked into a doctor's office. She asked if they could weigh the baby.  A nurse said that the baby scale was not working that day, but what they could do is weigh the mother while she was holding the baby, and then weigh the mother by herself, and subtract.  The woman thought about this for a minute. "It wouldn't work," she said, "I'm not the mother; I'm the aunt." 
Little Hope was practicing the violin in the living room while her father was trying to read in the den.  The family dog was lying in the den, and as the screeching sounds of little Hope's violin reached his ears, he began to howl loudly.  The father listened to the dog and the violin as long as he could. Then he jumped up and yelled above the noise, "Can't you play something the dog doesn't know?!"
This guy has four daughters who all live at home. One Friday night,  the doorbell rings. The first kid at the door says, "I'm Eddie, I'm here to pick up Betty. We're going for spaghetti, is she ready?" The father, mildly amused, answers, "Yes."   The second kid comes to the door and says, "I'm Joe, I'm here to pick up Flo to take her to the show. Is she ready to go?" The guy, now perplexed, answers, "Yes."  A few minutes later, the doorbell rings again.  A kid says,  'Hi, I'm Jim. I'm here to see Kim. We're gonna go for a swim. Can I come in?'  The guy, becoming annoyed, answers, "Yes."  The doorbell rings one more time, and a kid standing there says, "Hi, I'm Chuck . . . "   The father shot him. 
One Friday afternoon, a man walks up to an ATM machine to deposit his check.  Upon his turn, the ATM shuts down for repairs so the man walks into the bank.  Inside the bank, there are about 30 people inside waiting to make transactions and the line is moving really, really slow.  The man gets impatient, sigh loudly, tapping his foot and making comments aloud.  All of a sudden the man behind him reaches up and begins to massages his shoulders.  1st man - HEY!  What are you doing?!?! 2nd man - Well sir, I'm a masseuse and you look a little tense so I thought I'd help you out with a massage! 1st man - Well, that's just great buddy.  I'm a lawyer - you don't see me screwing the guy in front of me, do ya?  
A nun walks into Mother Superior's office and plunks down into a chair. She lets out a sigh heavy with frustration.  "What troubles you, Sister?" asked the Mother Superior. "I thought this was the day you spent with your family."  "It was," sighed the Sister. "I went to play golf with my brother. We try to play golf as often as we can. You know I was quite a talented golfer before I devoted my life to Christ."  "I seem to recall that," the Mother Superior agreed. "So I take it your day of recreation was not relaxing?"  "Far from it," snorted the Sister. "In fact, I even took the Lord's name in vain today!"  "Goodness, Sister!" gasped the Mother Superior, astonished. : "You must tell me all about it!"  "Well, we were on the fifth tee... and this hole is a monster, 540 yard Par 5, with a nasty dogleg right and a hidden green... and I hit the drive of my life. I creamed it. The sweetest swing I ever made. And it's flying straight and true, right along the line I wanted... and it hits a bird in mid-flight!"  "Oh my!" commiserated the Mother. "How unfortunate! But surely that didn't make you blaspheme, Sister!"  "No, that wasn't it," admitted Sister. "While I was still trying to fathom what had happened, this squirrel runs out of the woods, grabs my ball and runs off down the fairway!"  "Oh, that would have made me blaspheme!" sympathized the Mother.  "But I didn't, Mother!" sobbed the Sister. "And I was so proud of myself! And while I was pondering whether this was a sign from God, this hawk swoops out of the sky and grabs the squirrel and flies off, with my ball still clutched in his paws!"  "So that's when you cursed," said the Mother with a knowing smile.  "Nope, that wasn't it either," cried the Sister, anguished, "because as the hawk started to fly out of sight, the squirrel started struggling, and the hawk dropped him right there on the green, and the ball popped out of his paws and rolled to about 18 inches from the cup!"  Mother Superior sat back in her chair, folded her arms across her chest, fixed the Sister with a baleful stare and said...  "You missed the putt, didn't you?"
Teacher: At the end of this ruler is a stupid student (pointing at student).  Narrator: The student got detention for say "Which end?"
A couple went to the psychiatrist with their twins, as they seemed to be completely opposite.  The doctor noted that one was a Pessimist and one was an optimist.   He put the pessimist in a room filled with new toys.  He then, put the optimist in a room full of horse poop.  After a period of time, they looked into the pessimist's room and he was stepping on and breaking all the toys, saying, "I don't like these....none of them!"  They went to the optimist's room that was full of manure, about chest deep and found the little boy yelling, "Whee!  Whee!", and throwing handfuls of manure up in the air.  They asked him why he was doing that and he replied, "With all this horse poop in here, there's bound to be a pony somewhere!"
So every morning a husband would wake up in the morning and pass gas really loud. The wife told him one day if you keep that up you are going fart out your guts.  The husband said no way it is impossible. Well this went on for along time.  Finally the wife was cooking Thanksgiving dinner and while she was taking all the guts out of the bird she had an Idea. She sneaked in there bedroom and stuffed all the turkey guts in his underwear.  The next morning she heard him wake up and fart really loud. After that it was quiet for some time.  Then her hubby came down and said, "You where right I did fart out my guts. But thank goodness I was able stuff them all back in!"
What do you call a cheeky big foot? A Sassy-squatch  *bu dum tss*
Two friends ran into each other at Starbucks the other day and got to talking about what was new.  Sally said, "I'm thinking of starting an OCD support group at my house."  Rhonda answered, "Really? I didn't know you had an Obsessive Compulsive Disorder."  Sally said, "I don't , I just want to get my house cleaned."
Little Bobby came into the kitchen where his mother was making dinner. His birthday was coming up and he thought this was a good time to tell his mother what he wanted.  "Mom, I want a bike for my birthday." Little Bobby was a bit of a troublemaker. He had gotten into trouble at school and at home. Bobby's mother asked him if he thought he deserved to get a bike for his birthday. Little Bobby, of course, thought he did.  Bobby's mother wanted Bobby to reflect on his behavior over the last year. "Go to your room, Bobby, and think about how you have behaved this year. Then write a letter to God and tell him why you deserve a bike for your birthday." Little Bobby stomped up the steps to his room and sat down to write God a letter.  Letter 1 Dear God, I have been a very good boy this year and I would like a bike for my birthday. I want a red one. Your friend, Bobby  Bobby knew that this wasn't true. He had not been a very good boy this year, so he tore up the letter and started over.  Letter 2 Dear God, This is your friend Bobby. I have been a good boy this year and I would like a red bike for my birthday. Thank you. Your friend Bobby  Bobby knew that this wasn't true either. So, he tore up the letter and started again.  Letter 3 Dear God, I have been an "OK "boy this year. I still would really like a bike for my birthday. Bobby  Bobby knew he could not send this letter to God either. So, Bobby wrote a fourth letter.  Letter 4 God, I know I haven't been a good boy this year. I am very sorry. I will be a good boy if you just send me a bike for my birthday. Please! Thank you, Bobby  Bobby knew, even if it was true, this letter was not going to get him a bike.  Now, Bobby was very upset. He went downstairs and told his mom that he wanted to go to church. Bobby's mother thought her plan had worked, as Bobby looked very sad. "Just be home in time for dinner," Bobby's mother told him.  Bobby walked down the street to the church on the corner. Little Bobby went into the church and up to the altar. He looked around to see if anyone was there. Bobby bent down and picked up a statue of the Mary. He slipped the statue under his shirt and ran out of the church, down the street, into  the house, and up to his room. He shut the door to his room and sat down with a piece of paper and a pen. Bobby began to write his letter to God.  Letter 5 God, I'VE KIDNAPPED YOUR MAMA. IF YOU WANT TO SEE HER AGAIN, SEND THE BIKE! !!!!!!!!! 
An elderly couple living in Florida had not seen their son and daughter for quite a while. The mom called the daughter living in New York and told her that mom and pop were going to get a divorce right after Christmas because they couldn't get along after 35 years of marriage  The daughter called her brother in New Jersey with the news and the brother then called his dad saying do not do anything sis and I will be up to talk to you before Christmas.  After hanging up the old man yelled out to his wife. "Great news the kids are coming for Christmas and they are paying their own way."  
Why did the ghost cross the road? To get to the other side.
You know your doctor is too old when you look at the framed diploma on his wall and realize his Hippocratic oath was signed by Hippocrates!
A tired hunter out in the wilds stumbled into a camp. “Am I glad to see you!” he said. “I’ve been lost for three days.”    “Don’t get too excited, friend,” the other hunter replied. “I’ve been lost for three weeks.”
A drunk stumbled out the door of the bar. He stood on the corner waiting for the light. He wife calls and asks if he is drunk. The man replies, "Of course not!"   Being suspicious that he is drunk, she says, "Okay then, tell me where you are and I will come and get you."   The drunk replies, "I am at the corner of WALK and DON'T WALK!"
There was a teacher who was shouting at his class because they were being lazy. "I wouldn't be surprised if 50% of you failed this math class," he said.    One of the kids rasies his hand, "But teacher, there aren't that many in this class," he said. 
To the irritation of the judge, a man was trying to be excused from jury duty. "Tell me," began the judge, "is there any good reason why you cannot serve as a juror in the trial?"  The man replied, "I don't want to be away from my job that long."  "Can't they do without you at work?" demanded the judge.  "Yes," admitted the juror. "But I don't want them to realize it."
Dad: "Can I see your report card, son?"  Son: "I don't have it."   Dad: "Why not?"   Son: "I gave it to my friend. He wanted to scare his parents."
A woman meant to call a record store but dialed the wrong number and got a private home instead. "Do you have 'Eyes of Blue' and 'A Love Supreme'?" she asked.  "Well, no," answered the puzzled homeowner. "But I have a wife and eleven children."  "Is that a record?" she inquired.  "I don't think so," replied the man, "but it's as close as I want to get."
A defendant was on trial for murder. There was strong evidence indicating guilt, but there was no corpse. In the defense's closing statement the lawyer, knowing that his client would probably be convicted, resorted to a trick. "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I have a surprise for you all," the lawyer said as he looked at his watch.  "Within one minute, the person presumed dead in this case will walk into this courtroom." He looked toward the courtroom door. The jurors, somewhat stunned, all looked on eagerly. A minute passed. Nothing happened. Finally the lawyer said, "Actually, I made up the previous statement. But you all looked on with anticipation. I therefore put to you that you have a reasonable doubt in this case as to whether anyone was killed and insist that you return a verdict of not guilty."  The jury, clearly confused, retired to deliberate. A few minutes later, the jury returned and pronounced a verdict of guilty. "But how?" inquired the lawyer. "You must have had some doubt, I saw all of you stare at the door."  The jury foreman replied, "Oh, we did look, but your client didn't."
When Mary was pregnant, her five year old, Billy, was utterly amazed and a little bit disbelieving that his sister was growing in his mom's tummy. So one day when the baby was especially active, she asked Billy to place his tiny hands on her tummy to feel the baby kick.  But when he did, the baby was suddenly still. "Oh, Billy, she must have decided to take a nap," shrugged his mother.  "A nap?" Billy marveled. "You mean there's a bed in there too?”
Teacher:  Johnny what do you want to be when you grow up?  Johnny:  Either an animal Vet or a Taxidermist.  Teacher:  Why did you choose such different careers?  Johnny:  Well, either way you get your dog back.  
Do you know why a bunny rabbit nose is always shiny? Because its powder puff is on the other end.
According to Albert Einstein there is nothing faster than the speed of light.  But he is wrong... you can make something much more faster than light:  1. First take torch or a flash light. 2. Now take a video camera and record it. 3. Now put the video you have recorded in to your video player.  4. FAST FORWARD THE VIDEO.  CONGRATULATIONS YOU GOT SOMETHING FASTER THAN THE SPEED OF LIGHT!
One night a priest who is driving erratically gets pulled over by a cop. The cop asks him if he's been drinking. The priest says he's been drinking water all night. The cop sees a bottle of wine in the passenger seat and tells the priest what he sees.  The priest then nonchalantly says to the cop, "Jesus has done it again!"
Sam Frank and Frank Sam were best friends. They did everything together, and they both loved music. Sam Frank was an accomplished pianist and Frank Sam was a harpist. They spent many happy hours playing duets. They both happened to die on the same day.  Frank Sam went to heaven, but apparently Sam Frank led a life that was not as chaste, for he ended up in Hell. After a few weeks, Frank Sam began to miss his life long friend so he went to Saint Peter and asked if he could go down and visit him in Hell. Saint Peter, after much discussion agreed, but told Frank Sam he must be back before midnight. The Pearly Gates closed at the last strike of the clock, and if he wasn't back he would have to remain in Hell forever.  Frank grabbed his harp and went to visit Sam. When he got down there, he discovered that Sam Frank was doing OK in Hell. He was the manager of a disco. The two old friends had a wonderful time together. They spent the day playing duets, and that night, they danced and partied in the disco. Suddenly Frank Sam heard the clock begin to strike midnight. He ran out of the disco and flew back to heaven as fast as he could. He barely made it in before the gates closed.  Soon after he arrived, he gasped and desperately started searching for Saint Peter. When he found him, he told Saint Peter that he had to go back to Hell right away. When Saint Peter asked why, Frank Sam began to wail, "I left my harp in Sam Frank's Disco..."
My wife came home with four cases of beer, three boxes of wine, two bottles of whiskey and two loaves of bread.  "Are we expecting guests?" I asked.  "No," she replied.  "Then why did you buy so much bread?"
Why didn't the skeleton go to the ball?  Because he had no body to go with.
Q: Why did the fungi leave the party?  A: There wasn't mushroom.
A mother and baby camel are talking one day when the baby camel asks, "Mom why have I got these huge three toed feet?"   The mother replies, "Well son, when we trek across the desert your toes will help you to stay on top of the soft sand".   "OK" said the son. A few minutes later the son asks, "Mom, why have I got these great long eyelashes?"   "They are there to keep the sand out of your eyes on the trips through the desert", the camel mother answers.   "Thanks Mom" replies the son. After a short while, the son returns and asks, "Mom, why have I got these great big humps on my back??"   The mother, now a little impatient with the boy replies, "They are there to help us store water for our long treks across the desert, so we can go without drinking for long periods."   "That's great mom, so we have huge feet to stop us sinking, and long eyelashes to keep the sand from  our eyes and these humps to store water, but... Mom?"   "Yes son?"   "Why the heck are we in the San Diego zoo?"
Four engineers where riding in a car when it just stopped.  The chemical engineer said, "We need to drain/refill all the fluids". The electrical engineer said, "No, we need to rewire it". The mechanical engineer said, "Lets rebuild it".  They all turned to the Microsoft engineer and he said, "Why don't we all get out of the car and back in....."  
A Lady is driving for the first time on an expressway.  Her husband calls on her cell and says, " Be careful my love, I just heard on the radio, that some one is driving opposite to the traffic on the expressway!"  She replied, "Someone...? These rascals are in Hundreds!".
Never approach a bull from the front, a horse from the rear, or a fool from any direction! 
Owner of a aircraft manufacturing company stopped by the aircraft testing airfield to check on the newest test pilot.  He asked the supervisor how the new guy was doing. "Terrible! He has already crashed four planes this week!"  Owner replied, "How is this possible? Where did he work before coming here?"  Supervisor said, "He designed Windows software for Microsoft."
A young woman, pursuing a graduate degree in art history, was going to Italy to study the country's greatest works of art. Since there was no one to look after her grandmother while she was away, she took the old lady with her.   At the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican, she pointed to the painting on the ceiling. "Grandma, it took Michelangelo a full four years to get that ceiling painted."  "Oh my, "the grandmother says. "He and I must have the same landlord."
How many bureaucrats does it take to put in a light bulb?  Two. One to assure everyone that everything possible is being done while the other inserts the bulb into the water faucet.
My wife asked me to get her a birthday gift that was black and silver and went from 0 to 200 in six seconds.  I got her a new bathroom scale... that's when the fighting really started.
The circus was in town and Stanislaus and Oleg were the featured act. While Oleg walked across the high wire without a net, Stanislaus would balance on Oleg's shoulders, all the while juggling 5 balls at once.  A few minutes before they were to go on, Oleg called for the ringmaster. It seems Oleg had become deathly ill by eating some bad sushi and would have to cancel tonight's performance.  "You'd better tell Stanislaus," Oleg said. Walking into Stanislaus' dressing room, the ringmaster got right to the point. "Stanislaus, I have some bad news. You won't be doing your act tonight."  "Why not?"  "You don't have Oleg to stand on!"
I took the batteries out of my carbon monoxide detector today.  The loud beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick and dizzy.
Q: What has four wheels and flies?  A: A garbage truck.
A passenger in a taxi leaned over to ask the driver a question and tapped him on the shoulder. The driver screamed, lost control of the cab, nearly hit a bus, drove up over the curb, and stopped just inches from a large plate glass window.  For a few moments everything was silent in the cab, and then the still shaking driver said, "I'm sorry but you scared the daylights out of me."   The frightened passenger apologized to the driver and said he didn't realize a mere tap on the shoulder could frighten him so much.  The driver replied, "No, no, I'm sorry, it's entirely my fault. Today is my first day driving a cab. I've been driving a hearse for the last 25 years."  
After a worship service, a mother with a fidgety seven-year-old boy told me how she finally got her son to sit still and be quiet.  About halfway through the sermon, she leaned over and whispered, "If you don't be quiet, the Pastor is going to lose his place and will have to start his sermon all over again."   It worked.
A burglar broke into the home of a good Quaker gentleman.  From upstairs, the Quaker heard the noises below and realized there was an intruder.  He took his hunting rifle to the top of the stairs and announced: "Friend, I mean to do thee no harm, but where thou standest is where I am about to shoot." 
If you had purchased $1,000 of Nortel stock one year ago, it would be worth $49.00. With Enron, you would have less than $11.00 of the original $1,000. With Worldcom, you would have less than $5.00.  But, if you purchased $1,000 worth of Budweiser (the beer, not the stock) one year ago, drank all the beer, then turned in the cans for recycling, you would have $214.00  Based on the above, current investment advice is to drink heavily and recycle. It's called the 401-Keg Plan.
During training exercises, the Lieutenant was driving down a muddy back road when he encountered another car stuck in the mud, with a red-faced Colonel at the wheel.  "Your jeep stuck, sir?" asked the Lieutenant as he pulled alongside.  "Nope," replied the Colonel, coming over and handing him the keys, "Yours is!"  
There was this Antartian that wanted to take up a new winter hobby. She went to the library and started studying all about ice fishing. Finally, she went out on the ice, set up all her stuff, and sat down. All of a sudden, a bellowing voice from above said, 'There are no fish under the ice."  Startled, she got up and moved to a different spot. Right as she began to sit down, the voice from above spoke again, "There are no fish under the ice."  Frustrated, she got up and walked a long ways away onto a new patch of ice. She sat down and set up all of her gear. Once again, the voice spoke. "There are no fish under the ice."  Now the Antartian was very mad. "God, is that you? she asked.  "No! It's the manager of the ice skating rink." the voice replied.
Two older women who were rivals in a social circle met at a party.  "My dear," said the first woman "Are those real pearls?"  "They are," replied the second woman.  "Of course the only way I could tell would be for me to bite them," smiled the first woman.  The second responded, "Yes, but for that you would need real teeth."
Late one Saturday evening, I was awakened by the ringing of my phone. In a sleepy grumpy voice I said hello. The party on the other end of the line paused for a moment before rushing breathlessly into a lengthy speech.  "Mom, this is Susan and I'm sorry I woke you up, but I had to call because I'm going to be a little late getting home. See, Dad's car has a flat but it's not my fault. Honest! I don't know what happened. The tire just went flat while we were inside the theater. Please don't be mad, okay?"  Since I don't have any daughters, I knew the person had dialed my number by mistake. "I'm sorry dear," I replied, "but you've reached the wrong number. I don't have a daughter named Susan."  "Wow, Mom," the young woman's voice replied. "I didn't think you'd be this mad."
A guy meets an attractive woman at a bar. After a few drinks he invites her over to his place. She answers by saying it depends on what they'll be riding in on the way over there.   He says, "I’ll give you a few hints. The chauffeur drives, the vehicle costs over $300 thousand dollars, and I’d like to surprise you with the rest of details should you decide to accept my invitation."  She happily accepted and he led her outside. She reacts, "Hey wait a minute! we’re at the bus stop!"  "Surprise!" 
How do you stop an elephant from going on vacation?  You take his trunk away.
While visiting Annapolis, a lady tourist noticed several students on their hands and knees assessing the courtyard with pencils and clipboards in hand.  "What are they doing?" she asked the tour guide.  "Each year," he replied with a grin, "the upperclassmen ask the freshmen how many bricks it took to finish paving this courtyard."  When they were out of earshot of the freshmen, the curious lady asked the guide: "So, what's the answer?"  The guide replied: "One."
 A boy was assigned a paper on childbirth and asked his parents, "How was I born?"  "Well, Honey..." said the boy's mom, "the stork brought you to us."  "Oh," said the boy. "Well, how did you and daddy get born?" he asked.  "Oh, the stork brought us too," chimed in the dad.   "Well how were grandpa and grandma born?" he persisted.  "Well darling, the stork brought them too!" said the mom, by now starting to squirm a little in the Lazy Boy recliner.  Several days later, the boy handed in his paper to the teacher who read with confusion the opening sentence:  "This report has been very difficult to write because there hasn't been a natural childbirth in my family for three generations."
The oldest computer can be traced back to Adam and Eve.  It was an Apple.  But with extremely limited memory.  Just 1 byte.  Then everything crashed.
Did you hear about the crossword puzzle maker died?  He was buried 6 down and 3 across.
A mother and son were washing dishes while the father and daughter were watching TV in the family room.  Suddenly, there was a crash of breaking dishes, then complete silence.  The girl looked at her dad and said, "It was Mom."  "How do you know?"  "She didn't say anything."
A robber was found wounded in an electronics store...  He tried breaking in from the roof but unfortunately for him, he fell on a 'Sharp' TV.
I ate a salad for lunch today! Well, mostly croutons and tomatoes...  Actually one big round crouton and tomato sauce. And cheese...  FINE! It was a pizza. I ate a pizza for lunch! 
A pipe burst in a lawyer's house, so he called a plumber.  The plumber arrived, unpacked his tools, did mysterious plumber-type things for a while, and handed the lawyer a bill for $600.  The lawyer exclaimed, "This is ridiculous! I don't even make that much as a lawyer!"  The plumber replied sympathetically, "Neither did I when I was a lawyer."
When the Jones family moved into their new house, a visiting relative asked five-year-old Sammy how he liked the new place.  "It's terrific," he said. "I have my own room, Mike has his own room, and Jamie has her own room. But poor mom is still stuck with dad." 
A photographer was invited to dinner with friends and took along a few pictures to show the lady of the house. She looked at the photos and commented, "These are great! You must have a good camera."  He didn't make any comment, but as he was leaving to go home he said, "That was a really delicious meal! You must have some very good pots." 
A six-year-old boy called his mother from his friend Charlie's house and confessed he had broken a lamp when he threw a football in their living room.  "But, Mom," he said, brightening, "you don't have to worry about buying another one. Charlie's mother said it was irreplaceable." 
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don't work. 
Wanna have a little fun?  Go to an antique store and ask, "What's new?"
Now that all of the coal mines are closed, all of those lumps of coal Santa left me are now worth a fortune!   I think I can corner the market with my supply alone... Thanks Santa! 
December is the month when the kids begin to discuss what to get Dad for Christmas.   Some insist on a shirt.  Others insist on a pair of socks.  The argument always ends in a tie. 
People go on vacation to forget things...  Then they open their travel bags and find that they did. 
Teacher: If I tear a piece of paper into four, what do I get?  Student: Quarters  Teacher: And if I divide it into eight?  Student: Eighths  Teacher: And if I divide it into eight thousand parts?  Student: Confetti.
Bob had this problem of getting up late in the morning and was always late for work. After a few weeks of this, his boss was mad and threatened to fire him if he didn't do something about it.  So Bob went to his doctor, who gave him a pill and told him to take it before he went to bed.  He got a great night's sleep and actually beat the alarm in the morning.  After a leisurely breakfast, he cheerfully drove to work.  "Boss," he said, "The pill my doctor subscribed me actually worked!"  "That's all fine," said the boss, "But where were you yesterday?"
A bank robber pulls out a gun, points it at the teller, and says, "Give me all the money or you're geography!"   The puzzled teller replies, "Did you mean to say 'or you're history?'"  The robber says, "Don't change the subject!"
A new years resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other. 
My new years resolution is not to shovel snow...   Since I'm moving to Phoenix Arizona, I feel pretty good about it. 
What do you call it when part of a windmill is owned by a circus clown? 	 A juggler vane!	 
My mother says she never holds grudges but then will blindside you with something that happened years ago.  Last week she said, "You know, you really hurt me on your birthday."  And I was like, "Which birthday was that?"  So she replied, "The first one. You have a really big head, you know."
So what if I can’t spell Armageddon?   It’s not the end of the world. 
I took my pain pill... so why are you still here?
Anybody who's busy pulling on the oars hasn't got time to rock the boat. 
Living beyond your means takes twice as much money as it used to. 
A mother was reading a book about animals to her 3 year old daughter.  Mother: "What does the cow say?"  Child: "Moo!"  Mother: "Great! What does the cat say?"  Child: "Meow."  Mother: "Oh, you're so smart! What does the frog say?"  And this wide-eyed little 3 year-old looked up at her mother and in her deepest voice replied, "Bud."
What kind of meds do kleptomaniacs take to get better?
Money talks, but credit has an echo. 
You know you're old when you wake up in the morning  and the first thing you see is your teeth smiling at you while in a glass on you're bedside night table.
Back when I went to college, the female dormitory was out-of-bounds for all male students, as was the male dormitory to the female students.It was explained to us during orientation that anybody caught breaking this rule would be fined $20 the first time.  Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time would be fined $60. Being caught a third time incurred a hefty fine of $180. Then we were asked, “Are there any questions?"  At this, a male student in the crowd inquired. "Er... How much for a season pass?"
Charlie Brown, Lucy, and Linus started their own business...  However, no one wants to come work for them because no one wants to work for Peanuts.
I can spot an innie and an outie belly button on the beach from a mile away.	..  That's because I graduated with honors from the U.S Navel Academy.	 
Customer: Look here, butcher, you are giving me a  big piece of bone. With meat as expensive as it is, I don't want all that bone.  Butcher: I'm not giving it to you, mister, you're paying for it.
 A deputy police officer responded to a report of a bar disturbance. The 'disturbance' turned out to be well over six feet tall and weighed almost 300 pounds. What's more, he boasted that he could whip the deputy and Muhammad Ali too.  Said the policeman, "I'll bet that you're also an escape artist, probably better than Houdini."  The giant nodded. "If I had some chains," the deputy continued, "you could show us how strong you really are. But all I've got is a set of handcuffs. Why don't you see just how quickly you can break out of them?"  Once in the cuffs, the man puffed, pulled and jerked for four minutes. "I can't get out of these," the giant growled.  "Are you sure?" the deputy asked.  The fellow tried again. "Nope," he replied. "I can't do it."  "In that case," said the deputy, "you're under arrest."
What's another word for thesaurus?
When I was in high school, I got in trouble with my girlfriend's Dad.   He said, "I want my daughter back by 8:15."   I said, "The middle of August? Cool!"
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance...   WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!!! 
"Darling, in the moonlight your teeth are like pearls."  "Oh really! And when were you in the moonlight with Pearl?"
Inside me there's a thin person struggling to get out...  Good news is I can usually sedate him with three or four cupcakes.
KARATE MASTER:  What people turn into when they walk into a spider web.
I know someone who had her face lifted so many times, the doctor ran out of skin, so he took some skin off her right thumb and grafted it onto her nose.   Now, every time she goes hitchhiking, her nose shoves to the right. 
A young soldier was up before his commanding officer for a reprimand.    After going through a list of his misdemeanors the CO says, "And another thing, I didn't see you in camouflage practice this morning."  "Thank you, Sir," the soldier replied. 
Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying?  A: Because he never-lands.   
As the first grade teach bent over to pick up an eraser, little Joey started to giggle. "Teacher, I just saw your stockings."  The teacher replied, "You will stay in for recess with that remark."  Later, she bent over to pick up a piece of chalk as little Mikey began to giggle, "Teacher, I just saw your knees."   The teacher demanded he go to the office immediately for that remark. Still later she bent way down to pick up a piece of paper and little Billy began to clean out his desk and head for the door. Teacher asked Billy where he was going.   He replied, "Teacher, I see my school days are over."
 A very nervous man, accompanied by his nagging wife, was examined by a doctor.  After checking the chart, the doctor nodded and wrote the man a prescription for a powerful tranquilizer.  The man asked, "How often do I take these?"  "Let's start off with one every six hours. But they're not for you," replied the doctor. "They're for your wife."
A little boy and his grandfather are raking leaves in the yard. The little boy finds an earthworm trying to get back into its hole. He says, "Grandpa, I bet I can put that worm back in that hole." The grandfather replies, "I'll bet you five dollars you can't. It's too wiggly and limp to put back in that little hole."  The little boy runs into the house and comes back out with a can of hairspray. He sprays the worm until it is straight and stiff as a board. Then he puts the worm back into the hole.  The grandfather hands the little boy five dollars, grabs the hairspray, and runs into the house. Thirty minutes later the grandfather comes back out and hands the little boy another five dollars. The little boy says, "Grandpa, you already gave me five dollars."  The grandfather replies, "I know. That's from your grandma.
A boy was getting a checkup at the doctor's office, while his mother was in the waiting room. Trying to get some information out of the boy, the nurse asked, "What's your mother's name?"  The boy replied, "Mom."  The nurse said, "Well, what does your dad call her?"  The boy responded, "Tammy." The nurse wrote this down. She did the same thing, only with the father as the subject, and got the same reply, "Dad."  As a last resort, she remarked, once again, "What does your mom call him?"  The boy looked up at her with big innocent eyes and said, "Idiot."
You can't lose weight without exercise. But I've got a philosophy about exercise...   I don't think you should punish your legs for something your mouth did.
What do ninjas and farts have in common?  They're silent and deadly.
If Ivana Trump divorced Donald and then married musician Neil Diamond then she would be Ivana Diamond.  If she then divorced Neil Diamond and then she married pro golfer Jack Nicklaus then she would be Ivana Diamond Nicklaus.   If she then divorced Jack Nicklaus and then she married former Mets pitcher Ron Darling then she would be Ivana Diamond Nicklaus Darling.
What Is the definition of Fable?  A story told by a teenager arriving home after curfew.
I'd been working on my business degree for about a year when I finally got to take a popular finance course. I went to the bookstore to buy the text and was shocked to find out that it would cost me $96. I asked how much it was worth if I sold it back at the end of the semester.  "You'll get $24," said the clerk.  "This is insane," I protested as I wrote out the check.  "I know," replied the clerk sympathetically. "I've always thought that a person who buys a book for $96 and then sells it back for $24 should fail the course."
You're in incredible shape," the doctor said. "How old are you again"?  "I am 78," the man said.  "78!" remarked the doctor. "How do you stay so healthy? You look like a 60-year-old."  "Well, my wife and I made a pact when we got married that whenever she got mad, she would go into the kitchen and cool off and I would go outside for a walk to settle down," the man explained.  "What does that have to do with it?” asked the doctor.  "I've pretty much lived an outdoor life."
​A man dies and goes to heaven. One of God’s angels meets the man and says, "Here's how it works. You need 100 points to make it into heaven. You tell me all the good things you've done, and I give you a certain number of points for each item, depending on how good it was. When you reach 100 points, you get in."  "Okay," the man says, “I never ate a piece of non-kosher food in my 90 years. Nothing.”  "That's wonderful," says the angel, "that's worth three points!"  "Three points?" he says. "Well, I attended the services all my life and always gave as much charity as I could."  "Terrific!" says the angel, "that's certainly worth a point."  "One point? Oy. How about this, I started a soup kitchen in my city and volunteered at the senior’s home."  "Fantastic, that's good for two more points," he says.  "TWO POINTS!!" the man cries. "The way you guys grade, there’s no way my Selma got in here.”  “Selma who?” asks the angel.  “My wife, Selma Rothenstein. You know, Selma and I were married for 60 years and I never raised my voice at her, not even once."  “Oh, thaaat Selma,” the angel nods. “You put up with her for 60 years?! Come right in!”  
This morning I was sitting on a park bench next to a homeless man. I started a conversation by asking him how he ended up this way.  He said, "Up until last week, I still had it all. I had plenty to eat, my clothes were washed and pressed. I had a roof over my head. I had TV and internet, and I went to the gym, the pool, and the library. I was working on my MBA online.  I had no bills and no debt.  I even had full medical coverage."  I felt sorry for him, so I asked, "What happened?  Drugs?  Alcohol?  Divorce?"  "Oh no, nothing like that," he said. "I just got out of prison." 
A young woman, who isn't too bright, goes to an office for a job interview. The interviewer decides to start with the basics. "So, miss, can you tell us your age, please?"   She counts carefully on her fingers for about 3 seconds before replying, "Umm... 23".  The interviewer tries another straight forward one to break the ice. "And can you tell us your height, please?"  The young lady stands up and produces a measuring tape from her handbag. She then traps one end under her foot and extends the tape to the top of her head. She checks the measurement and announces, "Five foot three!"  This isn't looking good, so the interviewer goes for the real basics. "And eh, just to confirm for our records, your name please?"  The girl bobs her head from side to side for about twenty seconds, mouthing something silently to herself, before replying, "Barbara".  The interviewer is completely baffled at this stage, so he asks, "Just out of curiosity, miss, we can understand your counting on your fingers to work out your age, and the measuring tape for your height is obvious, but what were you doing when we asked you your name?"  "Oh that!" replies the girl, "I was just running through, 'Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you...'" 
It was mealtime during an airline flight.   "Would you like dinner?" the flight attendant asked John, seated in front.   "What are my choices?" John asked.   "Yes or no," she replied. 
What do you call an insane cow removed from his pasture and	 locked up in a pen? 	 De-ranged!	 
Due to a power outage, the house was very dark. The paramedic asked Kathleen, a 3-yr old girl, to hold a flashlight high over her Mommy so he could see while he helped deliver the baby.  After little Connor was born, the paramedic lifted him by his feet and spanked him on the bottom. He began to cry.   The paramedic then asked the wide-eyed 3-yr old what she thought about what she had just witnessed. She quickly responded, "He shouldn't have crawled in there in the first place, spank him again!"
Two planets are talking...  Saturn: I bet I get married before you do.   Venus: Why?  Saturn: Because I already have a ring.
During a test, the college professor noticed that a married student, who was quite pregnant, kept rubbing her side. After class, before she left, the teacher asked her, "Are you okay? I noticed you were holding onto your side."  "Oh, I'm fine," the student answered. "It's just that my baby was pushing his foot up and down my ribs, and it hurt a little."  "Well, that's good," the professor said, feeling relieved.  "Yes," she continued. "It's strange. He normally sleeps during your class too."
A neighbor asked his friend, who was celebrating 50 years of marriage, what the secret was to a long and happy marriage?  His friend replied, "When we were first married, we vowed to go out twice a week no matter how little money we had and we have done so for 50 years."  "Twice a week, you say?"   "Yeah. She goes out on Tuesday and I go out on Friday."
What do you call a GMO human male child?  An alter boy.
Student 1:  "My professor told me my assignment was to get up in front of the whole class and give a talk on the round, light pinkish colored, fuzzy skinned fruit which is the nickname for the state of Georgia."  Student 2: "Oh, in other words, you're going to give a SPEACH?"	 
Two guys grow up together but after college one moves to Michigan, the other to Florida. They agree to meet every ten years in Vero Beach and play golf.   At age 30,  they finish their round of golf and go to lunch. “Where you wanna go?” “Hooters.” “Why?” “Well, you know, they got the pretty girls there." “OK.”  Ten years later at age 40 they play. “Where you wanna go?” “Hooters. “Why?” “Well, you know, they got cold beer and the big screen TVs and everybody has a little action on the games.” “OK.”  Ten years later at age 50 they play. “Where you wanna go?” “Hooters.” “Why?” “The food is pretty good and there is plenty of parking.” ”OK.”  At age 60 they play. “Where you wanna go?” “Hooters.” “Why?” “Wings are half price.” “OK”  At age 70 they play. “Where you wanna go?” “Hooters.” “Why?” “They have 6 handicapped spaces right by the door.” “OK.”  At age 80 they play. “Where you wanna go?” “Hooters.” “Why?” “We’ve never been there before."
I was going to join the debate team, but somebody talked me out of it. 
A woman was getting swamped with calls from strangers. A billing service had launched an 800 number that was identical to hers.  When she called to complain, she was told to get a new number. "I've had mine for twenty years," she pleaded. "Couldn't you change yours?"  The company refused, so she said, "Fine. From now on, I'm going to tell everyone who calls that their bill is paid in full."  The company got a new number the next day. 
Ronald and Hillary, opposing candidates for the upcoming local PTA (Parent-Teacher Association) elections, walk into a donut shop for a quick snack. As soon as Hillary gets to the front of the line, she shoves 3 donuts into her pockets.  Ronald says, "Really? You have to steal the donuts?"  Hillary replies, "I shouldn't have to pay for them since i will be the next PTA President!"  Ronald says, "Watch, I will get 3 for free by asking!" When he gets to the front of the line, he asks the clerk, "If i show you a magic trick, can i have 3 donuts for free?"  "Sure," replied the clerk.   So Ronald eats the first donut. "Mmmm, that was tasty." Then he eats the second and third donuts, "Mmmmm, they were just as good as the first!"  The clerk replied, "Where was the magic trick?"  Then Ronald replies, "Poof! Now look in Hillary's pockets!"
What do George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Christopher Columbus all have in common?   They were all born on holidays!
Husband: Every time I yell and get angry at you, you never fight back. How do you manage your anger?   Wife: I clean the toilet seat.   Husband: How does that help?   Wife: I use your toothbrush.  
A man got lost in his car during a snow storm. He remembered something he had read earlier: "If you ever get stuck in a snow storm, wait for a snow plow and follow it."  Pretty soon a snow plow came by, and he followed it for about 45 minutes. Finally the driver of the truck got out and asked the man what he was doing. He explained that he had read somewhere that if he ever got stuck in the snow, to follow a plow.  The driver nodded and said, "Well, I'm done with the mall parking lot, now you can follow me over to the ice rink."
*Just one peanut butter and jelly sandwich doesn't do it anymore. *Driving a car doesn't always sound like fun. *The average 10-year-old doesn't have a clue who Bo and Luke Duke are. *Being bad is no longer cool.  *You have friends who have kids. *Saturday mornings are for sleeping. *You are taller than the slide at the McDonald's Playland. *Your parents' jokes are now funny.  *You once said, "What-chu talkin' 'bout Willis?" or "Know whatta mean, Vern?" *You have owned, and since disowned, Michael Jackson's "Thriller." *You would rather wear your dirty clothes again, cuz mom is not there to do your laundry anymore. *Naps are good.  *You once deemed Space Invaders as "The best game ever." *When things go wrong, you can't just yell, "Do-over!" *You actually buy scarves, gloves, and sunscreen. *You leave concerts and ballgames early to beat the crowd.  *You want clothes for Christmas. *You don't want a Camaro because of the insurance premiums. *You look in the surveillance camera monitor at the convenience store, wonder who that guy is standing at the counter with the bald spot, and then realize it's a shot of you from behind.
If I had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they'd eventually find me attractive.
Arriving at the 18th hole where a large pond separated the fairway from the green, the foursome was shocked to see a golfer so furious with his game he threw his bag into the water and stormed off to the parking lot.  As they approached the green they noticed the man returning to the pond, removing his shoes and fishing for his bag. "Wow," one of the men said, "it seems he has recognized the error of his ways."  At that moment the errant golfer found his bag, zipped open the pocket, found his car keys, and then threw the bag back into the water.
A preacher went to his church office on Monday morning and discovered a dead mule in the church yard. He called the police. Since there did not appear to be any foul play, the police referred the preacher to the health department. They said since there was no health threat that he should call the sanitation department. The sanitation manager said he could not pick up the mule without authorization from the mayor.  Now the preacher knew the mayor and was not too eager to call him. The mayor had a bad temper and was generally hard to deal with, but the preacher called him anyway. The mayor did not disappoint. He immediately began to rant and rave at the pastor and finally said, "Why did you call me anyway? Isn't it your job to bury the dead?"  The preacher paused and then replied, "Yes, Mayor, it is my job to bury the dead, but I always like to notify the next of kin first!"
Airman Jones was assigned to the induction center, where he advised new recruits about their government benefits, especially their GI insurance. It wasn't long before Captain Smith noticed that Airman Jones had almost a 100% record for insurance sales, which had never happened before.  Rather than ask about this, the Captain stood in the back of the room and listened to airman's sales pitch. Jones explained the basics of the GI Insurance to the new recruits, and then said, “If you have GI Insurance and go into battle and are killed, the government has to pay $200,000 to your beneficiaries. If you don't have GI insurance, and you go into battle and get killed, the government only has to pay a maximum of $6000.”   “Now,” he concluded, “which bunch do you think they are going to send into battle first?”
A woman is getting on a bus when, just in front of her, a man gets up from his seat. She thinks to herself, "Here's another man trying to keep up the customs of a patriarchal society by offering a 'poor, defenseless woman' his seat", and she pushes him back onto the seat.  A few minutes later, the man tries to get up again. Again, she refuses to let him up.  Finally, the man says, "Look, you've got to let me get up. I'm two miles past my stop already." 
Mother: Don't forget to include Grandma in your prayers tonight, that God would bless her and let her live to be very old.   Daughter: Oh, she's old enough. I'd rather pray that God would make her young.
Little boy to a departing relative... "There's no hurry, Auntie. Daddy put the clock a whole hour ahead."
Bathroom Definition: A room used by the entire family, believed by all except Mom to be self-cleaning.
Last year I replaced several windows in my house and they were the expensive double-pane energy efficient kind. But this week I got a call from the contractor complaining that his work has been completed for a whole year and I had yet to pay for them.  Boy oh boy did we go 'round. Just because I'm young doesn't mean that I am automatically stupid. So, I proceeded to tell him just what his fast talking sales guy had told me last year, that in one year the windows would pay for themselves. There was silence on the other end of the line so I just hung up and I haven't heard back.   Guess I must have won that silly argument.
Having lost weight over the past few years, a lady was discarding things from her wardrobe that no longer fit.  Her seven-year-old niece was watching as she held up a huge pair of slacks.  "Wow," the lady said, "I must have worn these when I was 183."  Her niece looked puzzled, then asked, "How old are you now?" 
"How was your first day of seventh grade son?"  "It was great Mom, I found out I’ll be learning sex education in my astronomy class. The teacher asked if we had a favorite star and also said beginning  tomorrow we’ll be discussing heavenly bodies!" 
A father asked his daughter, "What do you see in that boy?  That kid has his head screwed on backwards!"  "No he doesn’t dad, that’s how kids wear ball caps these days."  
Cowboy Joe was telling his fellow cowboys, back on the ranch, about his first visit to a big-city church.  "When I got there, they had me park my old truck in the corral," Joe began.  "You mean the parking lot," interrupted Charlie, a more worldly fellow.  "I walked up the trail to the gate," Joe continued.  "The sidewalk to the door," Charlie corrected him.  "Inside the door, I was met by this dude," Joe went on.  "That would be the usher," Charlie explained.  "Well, the usher led me down the chute," Joe said.  "You mean the aisle," Charlie said.  "Then he led me to a stall and told me to sit there," Joe continued.  "Pew," Charlie retorted.  "Yeah," recalled Joe. "That's what that pretty lady said when I sat down beside her."
I was just reading that the economy over in New Jersey is so bad, that the Mafia had to lay off three Judges the other day!
Used car salesperson to customer: How would you like to buy a car with zero down and zero per month?   Customer: (slight pause) For how many months? 
It's so hot here where I live in Florida, that I walked to the store and bought some cookie dough ice cream, and by the time I got home it was cookies.
At the Super Bowl party, Ken overheard two wives talking about their husbands and men in general. Then he heard the best quote ever from one of them....  "The rules of football and the plot of The Godfather are the two most complicated things that every guy understands, no matter how dumb he is."  
The flight attendant on the trip was handing out plastic pilot wings to some kids. As the young man stepped forward, she playfully offered some to him.   He passed, pointing to the Airborne wings on his Army uniform. He explained, “The last time someone gave me wings, I had to jump out of the airplane.”
Several men are in the locker room of a golf club. A cell phone on a bench rings and a man engages the hands free speaker function and begins to talk. Everyone else in the room stops to listen.  Man: "Hello."  Woman: "Honey, it's me. Are you at the club"?  Man: "Yes."  Woman: "I am at the mall now and found this beautiful leather coat. It's only $1,000. Is it okay if I buy it"?  Man: "Sure, go ahead if you like it that much."  Woman: "I also stopped by the Mercedes dealership and saw the new 2016 models. I saw one that I really liked."  Man: "How much"?  Woman: "$90,000."  Man: "Okay, but for that price, I want it with all the options."  Woman: "Great! Oh, and one more thing. The house I wanted last year is back on the market. They're asking $950,000."  Man: "Well, then go ahead and give them an offer of $900,000. They will probably take it. If not, we can go the extra 50 thousand. It's really a pretty good price."  Woman: "Okay. I'll see you later! I love you so much!"  Man: "Bye! I love you, too."  The man hangs up. The other men in the locker room are staring at him in astonishment, mouths agape.  He smiles and asks, "Anyone know who this phone belongs to?"
Sushi lovers... they are "hooked" on raw fish. 
While taking their dog on a road trip, a family carries his drinking water in a gin bottle. On one occasion they stopped for lunch and let him out of the car. Pouring some water from the bottle into his bowl, the husband noticed a man watching with fascination.  The man slowly approached the family and whispered, "I hope that you're not going to let that dog drive!"
When I went to the automobile dealership to pick up my car, I was told the keys had been locked in it. I went to the service department and found a mechanic working feverishly to unlock the driver's side door.  As I watched from the passenger side, I instinctively tried the door handle and discovered that it was unlocked. "Hey," I said to the technician, "this side is open!"   He replied, "I know. I already did that side."
I was thinking about how a status symbol of today is those cell phones that everyone has clipped on. I can't afford one so I'm wearing my garage door opener.  You know, I spent a fortune on deodorant before I realized that people didn't like me anyway.  I was thinking that women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans!  I was thinking about old age and decided that it is when you still have something on the ball but you are just too tired to bounce it.  I thought about making a fitness movie for folks my age and call it "Pumping Rust".  I have gotten that dreaded "furniture disease". My chest is falling into my drawers!  I know when people see a cat's litter box, they always say, "Oh, have you got a cat?" Just once I want to say, "No, it's for company!"  Employment application blanks always ask who is to be notified in case of an emergency. I think you should write, "A Good Doctor!"  Why do they put pictures of criminals up in the Post Office? What are we supposed to do . . .write to these men? Why don't they just put their pictures on the postage stamps so the mailmen could look for them while they delivered the mail?  I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older then it dawned on me... they are cramming for finals.  As for me, I'm just hoping God grades on the curve.
As the new drivers ed student drove through the red light at the intersection, the instructor admonished him and asked, "Why did you not stop for the red light?"   The student replied, "My brother doesn't."   The instructor directed him to return to the school for more instruction before any more driving could take place. On the way back, the student approached the same intersection with a green light, he immediately slammed on the brakes shocking the instructor as well as other drivers. "Why did you stop at a green light?"    The student replied, "You never know when my brother's coming."
When I went to get my driver's license renewed, our local motor-vehicle bureau was packed. The line inched along for almost an hour until the man ahead of me finally got his license.  He inspected his photo for a moment and commented to the clerk, "I was standing in line so long, I ended up looking pretty grouchy in this picture."  The clerk looked at his picture closely. "It's okay," he reassured the man, "that's how you're going to look when the cops pull you over anyway."   
Steve, Bob and Jeff are working on a very high scaffolding. Suddenly, Steve falls off. He is killed instantaneously. After the ambulance leaves with Steve's body, Bob and Jeff realize they'll have to inform his wife. Bob says he's good at this sort of sensitive stuff, so he volunteers to do the job.  After two hours he returns, carrying a six-pack of beer. "So did you tell her?" asks Jeff. "Yep", replies Bob. "Say, where did you get the six-pack?" Bob informs Jeff. "She gave it to me." "WHAT?" exclaims Jeff. "You just told her her husband died and she gave you a six-pack?" "Sure," Bob says. "Why?" asks Jeff.  "Well," Bob continues, "when she answered the door, I asked her, 'Are you Steve's widow?' 'Widow?' she said, 'No, no, you're mistaken, I'm not a widow!' So I said, "I'll bet you a six-pack you are."
A novelty store owner called a recent customer. "Mr. Jones?  This is Mr. Peters, the owner of Peter's Novelties.  Remember that boomerang you bought the other day?  You paid for your purchase with a check, and unfortunately the check came back." 			 "You're lucky," replied the customer.  "My boomerang didn't."							 
Nuts are so expensive these days...   Nearly cost you an almond a leg.
The lovers wore the exact same shoes...  Naturally, they were solemates.
I am finally going to be rich someday... I've invested in toilet paper and funeral homes.  'Cause at some point, everyone has to go!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... It's impossible to put down.
I tend to avoid funerals...  ... I'm just not a mourning person.
What do you call a fly with no wings?  A walk?
Teacher: "If I gave you 2 cats and another 2 cats and another 2, how many would you have?" Johnny: "Seven." Teacher: "No, listen carefully... If I gave you two cats, and another two cats and another two, how many would you have?" Johnny: "Seven." Teacher: "Let me put it to you differently. If I gave you two apples, and another two apples and another two, how many would you have?" Johnny: "Six." Teacher: "Good. Now if I gave you two cats, and another two cats and another two, how many would you have?" Johnny: "Seven!" Teacher: "Johnny, where in the heck do you get seven from?!" Johnny: "Because I've already got a freaking cat!"
A chemist, a biologist and an electrical engineer were on death row waiting to go in the electric chair. The chemist was brought forward first. "Do you have anything you want to say?" asked the executioner, strapping him in.  No," replied the chemist. The executioner flicked the switch and nothing happened. Under State law, if an execution attempt fails, the prisoner is to be released, so the chemist was released. Then the biologist was brought forward. "Do you have anything you want to say?"  "No, just get on with it."  The executioner flicked the switch, and again nothing happened, so the biologist was released.  Then the electrical engineer was brought forward. Do you have anything you want to say?" asked the executioner.  "Yes," replied the engineer. "If you swap the red and the blue wires over, you might make this thing work."
Why did Sally fall off the swing?  She had no arms.  Why did the little boy drop his ice cream?  He was hit by a bus.  Knock Knock.  Who's there?  Not Sally.
After much convincing from her husband, Tammy finally agreed to call an old family friend to sing her happy birthday. It was only after she finished singing, that the voice at the other end of the line informed her that it was the wrong number.   “Oh, I’m so sorry,” she said, embarrassed.   “It’s okay,” the voice said, “you need all the practice you can get!”  
My boss told me yesterday, “Ken, you shouldn't dress for the job you have, dress for the job you want.”   But when I turned up at the office today in Ghostbuster's clothing, she said I was fired.
Two men are discussing their love lives. One says, "I’m getting married. I’m sick of a messy apartment, dirty dishes, and no clothes to wear."   The other one says, "Hey, I’m getting divorced for the same reasons."
If you can start the day without caffeine or pills, If you can be cheerful, ignoring aches and pains, If you can resist complaining and telling people your troubles,  If you can eat the same food everyday and be grateful for it, If you can understand when loved ones are too busy to give you time, If you can overlook when people take things out on you when,   If you can take criticism and blame without resentment, If you can face the world without lies and deceit, If you can conquer tension without medical help, If you can relax without liquor, If you can sleep without the aid of drugs,  THEN YOU MUST BE THE FAMILY DOG!!!
1. After your humans give you a bath, DON'T LET THEM TOWEL DRY YOU! Instead, run to their bed, jump up and dry yourself off on the sheets. This is especially good if it's right before your human's bedtime.  2. Act like a convicted criminal. When the humans come home, put your ears back, tail between your legs, chin down and act as if you have done something really bad. Then, watch as the humans frantically search the house for the damage they think you have caused.  (Note: This only works when you have done absolutely nothing wrong.)  3.  Let the humans teach you a brand new trick. Learn it perfectly. Then the humans try to demonstrate it to someone else, stare blankly back at the humans. Pretend you have no idea what they're talking about.  4.  Draw attention to the human. When out for a walk always pick the busiest, most visible spot to go 'poo'.  Take your time and make sure everyone watches. This works particularly well if your humans have forgotten to bring a plastic bag.  5.  When out for a walk, alternate between choking and coughing every time a strange human walks by.  6.  Make your own rules. Don't always bring back the stick when playing fetch with the humans. Make them go and chase it once in a while.  7.  Hide from your humans. When your humans come home, don't greet them at the door.  Instead, hide from them, and make them think something terrible has happened to you. (Don't reappear until one of your humans is panic-stricken and close to tears).  8.  When your human calls you to come back in, always take your time. Walk as slowly as possible back to the door.
On some air bases the Air Force is on one side of the field and civilian aircraft use the other side of the field, with the control tower in the middle. One day the tower received a call from an aircraft asking, "What time is it?"  The tower responded, "Who is calling?"  The aircraft replied, "What difference does it make?"  The tower replied, "It makes a lot of difference. If it is an American Airlines Flight, it is 3 o'clock... If it is an Air Force, it is 1500 hours... If it is a Navy aircraft, it is 6 bells... If it is an Army aircraft, the big hand is on the 12 and the little hand is on the 3... and if it is a Marine Corps aircraft, it's Thursday afternoon." 
Space Shuttles, they leave the earth white and they return white... What I'm trying to say is, it's time NASA went public with their sunscreen! 
I sell ammunition. My motto is, "ALWAYS leave them wanting more!"
Do you want to hear an uplifting Helium joke?
Someone gave me a book about Procrastination.  I'll read it sometime later.
I checked out a book from the library called "How to Have a Perfect Memory."  Now if I just could remember where I put it.
I wonder, do birds always plan things, or do they sometimes just wing it?
Wife: Dear God, I wish you could make my husband pay more attention to me, protect me, take me out, sleep close to me at night. I wish he would be more caring, even if I got the smallest of scratches.  God turned her into a smartphone.
A virile, young Italian soldier was relaxing at his favorite bar in Rome, when he managed to attract a spectacular Scandinavian-looking young blonde. Things progressed to the point where he invited her back to his apartment, and after some small talk, they made love. After a pleasant interlude, he asked with a smile, "So... you finish?"  She paused for a second, frowned, and replied, "No."  Surprised, the young man reached out for her and the love making resumed. This time she thrashes about wildly and there were screams of passion. The love making ends, and again, the young man smiles, and asks, "OK, now you finish?"  And once again, after a short pause, she returns his smile, cuddles closer to him, and softly purrs, "No."  Stunned, but damned if this woman is going to outlast him, the young man reaches for the woman. Using the last of his strength, he barely manages it, but they climax simultaneously -- screaming, bucking, clawing and ripping bed sheets. The exhausted man falls onto his back, gasping. Barely able to turn his head, he looks into her eyes, smiling proudly, and says, "Now you finish!"  "No!" she shouts back, "I Swedish!" 
Q: What do you get if you put two state cops in an airplane?  A:  Paratroopers. 
Husband brings the child home from kindergarten and asks his wife, "He’s been crying the whole way home. Is he sick or something?"   "No," replies the wife, "he was just trying to tell you he isn’t our Frankie."  
There was a couple married for 50 years and on the 50th anniversary the wife saw the husband crying and she told him, "Honey I never knew that after 50 years you would still love me the same way you did 50 years ago."   The husband looks at the wife and asks her, "Honey, do you remember 50 years ago when your father caught us behind the barn naked?"  And the wife says yes.   The man replies do you remember what your father told me that day?   She replies no.  The husband replies he told me that if I don't marry you he would have me locked up in prison for 50 years.  The wife looks at the husband and says "and?"  So the husband replies, "HOLLY COW! I could of been a free man by now!"
Q: How do you clear out an Afghan bingo game?   A: Call B52 
A college student stated, " I DON'T LIKE HISTORY."  "THERE'S NO FUTURE IN IT."
A bodybuilder picks up a woman at a bar and takes her home with him. He takes off his shirt and the woman says "What a great chest you have." The bodybuilder tells her "That's 1000 lbs. of dynamite."  He takes off his pants and the woman says "What massive calves you have", the bodybuilder tells her "That's 1000 lbs. of dynamite".  He then takes off his underwear and the woman goes running and screaming out of the apartment. The bodybuilder puts his clothes back on and chases after her. He finally catches up to her and asks her why she ran out of the apartment.  The woman replies, "I was afraid to be around all that dynamite after I saw what a short fuse you have." 
I was at the hospital's emergency room for a sports-related injury, and in answer to a question on the form I was given, I replied that I had a serious allergy. The nurse put a plastic band on my wrist and I sat down in the crowded waiting room.   The lady seated next to me glanced at my wrist, shock registering on her face, and then quickly moved away from me. Surprised, I looked at the band for the first time. It read "Nuts." 
Recently a large seminar was held for ministers in training. Among the guests were many well-known motivational speakers.  One of these speakers boldly approached the pulpit and, gathering the entire crowd’s attention, said, “The best years of my life were spent in the arms of a woman that wasn’t my wife!” The crowd was shocked! He followed up by saying, “And that woman was my mother!” The crowd burst into laughter and he gave his speech, which went over well.  About a week later one of the ministers who had attended the seminar decided to use that joke in his sermon. As he shyly approached the pulpit one sunny Sunday, he tried to rehearse the joke in his head. It seemed a bit foggy to him this morning.  Getting to the microphone he said loudly, “The greatest years of my life were spent in the arms of another woman that was not my wife!” His congregation sat shocked. After standing there for almost 10 seconds trying to recall the second half of the joke, the pastor finally blurted out, “…and I can’t remember who she was!” 
There were two hunters who had never hunted before, so they took a hunters safety course.  In this course it was stressed that if you ever got lost in the woods, firing three shots in the air was the universal signal that you needed help.  The very first day of hunting the two hunters became lost.  It started to get dark, so one of the hunters said that they better shoot three times into the air so that someone would come help them.  They shot three times into the air and waited three hours but no one came.  One hunter said that they should shoot three more times. They did so and waited three more hours but still no one came. One hunter said they should shoot three more times and the other hunter said that he could not do so. With that the first hunter asked, "Why not?"  The second hunter replies, "I only have two arrows left."  
Begin by standing on a comfortable surface, where you have plenty of room on each side.  With a 5-lb potato bag in each hand, extend your arms straight out from your sides and hold them there as long as you can.  Try to reach a full minute, and then relax.  Each day you’ll find that you can hold this position for just a bit longer.  After a couple of weeks, move up to 10-lb potato bags.  Next, try 50-lb potato bags and then eventually try to get to where you can lift a 100-lb potato bag in each hand and hold your arms straight for more than a full minute.  After you feel confident at that level, put a potato in each bag.
One woman married and had 6 children. Her husband died. She soon married again and had 3 more children. Again, her husband died. But she remarried and this time had 4 more children.  At last, she finally died. Standing before her coffin, the preacher prayed to the Lord above, thanking Him, for this loving woman who fulfilled his commandment to "Go forth and multiply." In his eulogy, the preacher said, "Lord, they're finally together."  Leaning over to a neighbor, one mourner quietly asked, "Is he referring to her first, second or third husband?"  The neighbor replied, "I think he's referring to her legs."
After much searching and research, I have found the meaning of life. It's in between lies and lift in the dictionary.
The Three Bears were about to enjoy breakfast together as usual when they were interrupted by a terrible ROAARR outside their humble cottage.  Immediately, the door came crashing in and this huge ugly, fierce looking bear stood in their midst!  Without hesitation, the monster slurped up Papa Bear's porridge, then Mama Bear's, finally licking every morsel from Baby Bear's little bowl.  Suddenly, the intruder produced a pistol and fired several shots through the cottage roof!  Where upon the furry animal walked calmly out the open door and disappeared into the forest.  WHAT WAS THAT? exclaimed Papa Bear.  I HAVE NO IDEA! said Mama Bear.  I Think it was a Koala Bear said Baby Bear.  Oh, no, Son, insisted Mama and Papa Bear. That was too big and fierce for a Koala bear. I'm pretty sure it WAS a Koala bear, said Baby Bear, walking over to the family library, and pulling down the bear history book.  Sure enough!  Under the heading, KOALA BEAR it read. .......eats, shoots, and leaves. 
After 30 years of marriage Jane as all women do started nagging to John her husband that he does not love her anymore and told him John why don't you go to get some advice from our friend the Bishop so you will love me more. Well John thought if I go to the Bishop I will drink some of his good wine and went.  When he came back he saw his wife at door, then he went up to her and lifted her and carried her from one room to other.  She was really pleased with this gesture and asked What did Bishop tell you.  Well he told me go and carry your Cross and wonder who is my cross?
What do you get if you cross a dog with a cheetah?  A dog that chases cars -- and catches them!   What do you get if you cross a dog with a frog?  An animal that can lick you from the other side of the road!   What do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?  Someone who stays up all night wondering if there's a Dog! 
A millionaire, a hard hat, and an old drunk are at a bar. When they get their beers, they notice a fly in each mug.   The millionaire politely asks the bartender for another beer, then proceeds to sip it.   The hard hat spills out just enough to get rid of the fly and quaffs the rest.   It's now the old drunk's turn. He sticks his hand into the beer, grabs the fly by the wings, and shouts, "Spit it out! Spit it out!"  
One day The Lord came to Adam to pass on some news.  "I've got some good news and some bad news," The Lord told him.  Adam looked at The Lord and said, "Well, give me the good news first."  Smiling, The Lord explained, "I've got two new organs for you, one is called a brain. It will allow you to be very intelligent, create new things, and have intelligent conversations with Eve."  "Wonderful!" Adam said. "Thank you. What is the second organ?"  "The other organ," God continued, "is called a penis. It will allow you to reproduce your now intelligent life form and populate this planet. Eve will be very happy that you now have this organ to give her children."  Adam, very excited, exclaimed, "These are great gifts you have given to me. What could possibly be bad news after such great tidings?"  The Lord looked upon Adam and said with great sorrow, "The bad news is that when I created you, I only gave you enough blood to operate one of these organs at a time..."
Donald MacDonald from the Isle of Skye went to study at an English university and was living in the hall of residence with all the other students there.  After he had been there a month, his mother came to visit him.  "And how do you find the English students, Donald?" she asked.  "Mother," he replied, "they're such terrible, noisy people. The one on that side keeps banging his head on the wall and won't stop. The one on the other side screams and screams all night."  "Oh Donald! How do you manage to put up with these awful noisy English neighbors?"  "Mother, I do nothing. I just ignore them. I just stay here quietly, playing on my bagpipes." 
A few years I got  tired of the city life and bought a little cabin In the remote mountains of Alaska. It was a long winter, but made it thru it.  One day I heard a knock at my door I opened it and there stood a big burly guy. He said he lived over the mountain and had seen my smoke. He said he is throwing a spring party over at his cabin. He said it will be tomorrow and asked me if I wanted to  come?  I said ya, its been a long winter,  He said There would be a lot of drinking,  I said I like to drink.  Also there will probably be some fighting,  I said I could hold my own.  Then he said, oh, there will be a lot of sex,  I said wow, Its been a long time for me.  He said see you tomorrow and started to walk off.  I said what time should I be there?  He said, it doesn't matter, There's only going to be you and me!
Saw my old car yesterday. It is a Rolls Canarly.  It rolls down one hill and canarly make up the the other.
Q. There is a King, Queen, and two Twins in a room. How are there no adults in the room?  A. They're all beds!
A good looking girl waved at me today…  But there was no way I was swimming out that far to save her.
This is why I didn't show up for work yesterday. I was cleaning out my wife's grandpa's cellar and found 12 bottles of his home-bottled grape wine under the steps. My wife told me to empty the contents of each and every bottle down the sink, or else. I agreed to do the unpleasant task.  I withdrew the cork form the first bottle and poured the contents down the sink, with the exception of one glass, which I drank. I extracted the cork from the second bottle, did likewise, and drank one glass, just to check the taste to see if the old fellow knew his wine making. He did. I then opened the third bottle, and poured it, too, down the sink, but not until drinking one full glass to check the purity. It was very good. I did this, also with the fourth bottle. One glass for myself, and the rest down the sink. I pulled the bottle from the cork of the next, and drank one sink out of it and threw the rest down the glass. I pulled the sink out of the next glass and poured the cork from the bottle, then corked the sink with the glass, bottled the drink and drank the pour.   When I had everything emptied, I steadied the house with one hand, counted the bottles, corks, glasses and sinks with the other, which were 29, and as the house came by I counted them again, and finally had all the houses in one bottle, which I drank. I felt so foolish that I couldn't go upstairs and congratulate my wife to tell her what a great winemaker her grandpa was. I will do that after climbing the basement steps the next time they come by. 
This guy who is down and out on his luck finally gets a job at a funeral parlor, The boss tells him he will receive huge incentives if he digs out and bring back all the expensive coffins after every burial they conduct, He does very well at this until he's stopped one evening at a roadblock with a coffin full of mud. The officer asks him where is he going with this coffin and calls for backup.  The guy responds calmly, "Officer, I don't like the place they buried me, so I'm moving elsewhere."
My ex-wife goes bowling with the money I send her each month.  I guess that's why they call it alley money.
Q: Why do they call it PMS?   A: Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
First year University medical students were attending their first Anatomy Class. They all gathered around the table and there was a real dead body on the table. The Professor, started the class by telling them two important qualities of a doctor.   He said, "The first quality is to never be disgusted about anything in the body." For example, he put his finger in the dead body's arm pit and put the finger in his own mouth & tasted it.  Then he told the students to do what he did. The students hesitated for several minutes, but eventually everyone inserted their fingers in the body's arm pit and tasted it too. When everyone finished tasting their fingers, they were all frowning.  Then the professor looked at them and said: "The second quality is 'Observation'. I inserted my middle finger but tasted the index finger... Now learn to pay attention!"
Two strings walk into a bar.  The first tries to order something. "I don't serve strings in this bar," the bartender says roughly and throws him out.  The second ruffs himself up, ties his ends together, walks in, and orders. "Hey, didn't you hear what I told your buddy?" the bartender says.  "Yeah," the string says. "Aren't you a string?" the bartender asks. "I'm a frayed knot," the string replies.
I shot my first Turkey today. Scared the CRAP out of everyone in the frozen food section. It was awesome!
Friend: Dude! You were so drunk last night!  Man: No I wasn't.  Friend: Oh really, you put my dog in a pillowcase and said "It's a pillow, It's a pet, it's a pillow pet!"  Man: It was a pet in a pillowcase!  Friend: It was a trash can.  Man: ...
The minister of a city church enjoyed a drink now and then, but his passion was for peach brandy, and one of his congregants would make him a bottle each Christmas.   One year, when the minister went to visit his friend, hoping for his usual Christmas present, he was not disappointed, but his friend told him that he had to thank him for the peach brandy from the pulpit the next Sunday. In his haste to get the bottle, the minister hurriedly agreed and left.    So the next Sunday the minister suddenly remembered that he had to make a public announcement that he was being supplied alcohol from a member of the church.    That morning, his friend sat in the church with a grin on his face, waiting to see the minister's embarrassment.   The minister climbed into the pulpit and said, "Before we begin, I have an announcement. I would very much like to thank my friend, Joe, for his kind gift of peaches ... and for the spirit in which they were given!"
The owner of a drugstore walks in to find a guy leaning heavily against a wall with an odd look on his face.  The owner asks the clerk, "What's with that guy over there by the wall?"  The clerk says, "Well, he came in here at 7 A.M. to get something for his cough. I couldn't find the cough syrup, so I gave him an entire bottle of laxatives."  The owner says, "You idiot! You can't treat a cough with laxatives!"  The clerk says, "Oh yeah? Look at him-he's afraid to cough!" 
I want to feel your sweet embrace but don't take that paper bag off your face! 
Teacher: You are suppose to come at 7am!  Student: What?! What happened on 7am? What did I miss?    
A man took his old duck to the Doctor, concerned because the duck wouldn't eat.  The Doctor explained to the man that as ducks age their upper bills grow down over their lower bills and make it difficult for the animal to pick up it's food.  "What you need to do is gently file the upper bill down even with the lower bill. But you must be extra careful because the duck's nostrils are located in the upper bill and if you file down too far, when the duck takes a drink of water it'll drown."  The man goes about his business and about a week later the Doctor runs into his patient.  "Well, how is that duck of yours?" the Doctor inquires.  "He's dead." declared the heartbroken man.  "I told you not to file his upper bill down too far! He took a drink of water and drowned didn't he?" insisted the Doctor.  "No." lamented the man. "I think he was dead before I took him out of the vise."
Mrs. Jones was reading a letter at breakfast.  Suddenly she looked up suspiciously at her husband.  "Henry," she said, "I've just received a letter from mother saying she isn't accepting our invitation to come and stay, as we do not appear to want her.  What does she mean by that? I told you to write and say that she was to come at her own convenience.  You did write, didn't you?"  "Er, yes, I did," said the husband. "But I couldn't spell convenience, so I made it risk.".
Patient (to Doctor), "I forget things easily. What should I do?"  Doctor, "I think first of all you should pay my bill". 
A private just out of training is assigned to guard the main gate.  He is ordered to allow no one through unless they have the password.  A vehicle with a 3-star general inside rolls up. The private stops the vehicle and asks the driver for the password.  The driver doesn't know the password. The private, after saluting the general, asks him the for the password. The general doesn't know it either.  The private says, “I can’t let you through without the password.”  The general replies, “Son I'm the commander of this base and a 3-star general!”  The private says, “Sir, I still can’t let you pass."  The general tells the driver to drive on through.  The private then says to the general, “Sir I'm real new to this. Do I shoot you or the driver?”
Dear God: When we get to heaven, can we sit on your couch? Or is it still the same old story?    Dear God: Why are there cars named after the jaguar, the cougar, the mustang, the colt, the stingray, and the rabbit, but not ONE named for a Dog? How often do you see a cougar riding around? We do love a nice ride! Would it be so hard to rename the 'Chrysler Eagle' the 'Chrysler Beagle'?    Dear God: Are there mailmen in Heaven? If there are, will I have to apologize?    Dear God: Why do humans smell the flowers, but seldom, if ever, smell one another?    Dear God: We Dogs can understand human verbal instructions, hand signals, whistles, horns, clickers, beepers, scent ID's, electromagnetic energy fields, and Frisbee flight paths. What do humans understand?
I will not eat the cats' food before they eat it or after they throw it up.  The garbage collector is NOT stealing our stuff.  The Litter Box is not a cookie jar.  The sofa is not a 'face towel'.  I will not play tug-of-war with Dad's underwear when he's on the toilet.  Sticking my nose into someone's crotch is an unacceptable way of saying 'hello'.  I must shake the rainwater out of my fur before entering the house - not after.  The cat is not a 'squeaky toy' so when I play with him and he makes that noise, it's usually not a good thing.  
Yes 4 out of 5 dentists recommend sugar free gum to their patients who chew gum, but we all wonder what the 5th dentist thinks, right?  He says ,"Eat all the sugar you want, it keeps me in business!"   
An older, tired-looking dog wandered into my yard; I could tell from his collar and well-fed belly that he had a home and was well taken care of.  He calmly came over to me, I gave him a few pats on his head; he then followed me into my house, slowly walked down the hall, curled up in the corner and fell asleep.  An hour later, he went to the door, and I let him out.  The next day he was back, greeted me in my yard, walked inside and resumed his spot in the hall and again slept for about an hour. This continued off and on for several weeks.  Curious I pinned a note to his collar: 'I would like to find out who the owner of this wonderful sweet dog is and ask if you are aware that almost every afternoon your dog comes to my house for a nap.'  The next day he arrived for his nap, with a different note pinned to his collar: 'He lives in a home with 6 children, 2 under the age of 3 he's trying to catch up on his sleep. Can I come with him tomorrow?'
"Doctor my husband is doing weird things lately", a lady complains to her psychiatrist , "I strongly feel something wrong with him".  "What is he doing, Mrs.Bankman, that looks weird to you?", asks her the doctor.  "We'll he drinks his cup of tea in the morning and eats the cup leaving the cup's handle out".  The doctor looks startled and after the initial confusion he goes, " It is weird, he leaves the best part out"
I just figured out how to get into Pandora... Use a credit card!
My cute little Granddaughter asks me, "Grandpa can I have $10 please?"  I said, "Well sure hun what's it for?"  She says, "Well you old tightwad every time I ask for a twenty spot you say No!!!"
Mom and Dad were watching TV when Mom said, "I'm tired, and it's getting late. I think I'll go to bed."  She went to the kitchen to make sandwiches for the next day's lunches, rinsed out the popcorn bowls, took meat out of the freezer for supper the following evening, checked the cereal box levels, filled the sugar container, put spoons and bowls on the table and started the coffee pot for brewing the next morning.  She then put some wet clothes into the dryer, put a load of clothes into the wash, ironed a shirt and secured a loose button. She picked up the newspapers strewn on the floor, picked up the game pieces left on the table, watered the plants, emptied a wastebasket and hung up a towel to dry.  She yawned and stretched and headed for the bedroom. She stopped by the desk and wrote a note to the teacher, counted out some cash for the field trip, and pulled a textbook out from hiding under the chair. She signed a birthday card for a friend, addressed and stamped the envelope and wrote a quick note for the grocery store. She put both near her purse.  Mom then washed her face, put on moisturizer, brushed and flossed her teeth and trimmed her nails. Hubby called, "I thought you were going to bed."  "I'm on my way," she said.  She put some water into the dog's dish and put the cat outside, then made sure the doors were locked. She looked in on each of the kids and turned out a bedside lamp, hung up a shirt, threw some dirty socks in the hamper, and had a brief conversation with the one up still doing homework.   In the bedroom, she set the alarm, laid out clothing for the next day, straightened up the shoe rack. She added three things to her list of things to do for tomorrow.          About that time, hubby turned off the TV and announced to no one in particular "I'm going to bed,", and he did.
What did the Beaver say to the tree?  Nice Gnawin ya!
Yo Momma is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?  It gets toad away.
Q: Why did the man take toilet paper to the party?   A: Because he was a party pooper.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe?  ROBERTO!
A blonde, a brunette and a red head walk into a bar. The bartender tells them that there is a magic mirror in the bathroom. If they tell the truth while looking into it then they get something nice, but if they lie then they disappear.  The brunette walks in, looks in the mirror and says, "I think that I am the sexiest woman in the bar." And $1 million pops up in the sink.  The red head walks in, looks in the mirror and says, "I think I'm the smartest woman in the bar." And car keys to Viper pop out of the sink.  The blonde walks in, looks in the mirror and says, "I think....." And she disappears. 
The left eye said to the right eye:  "Something has come between us and it smells." 
A preacher was completing a temperance sermon and with great expression, he said, "If I had all the beer in the world, I'd take it and throw it into the river."  With even greater emphasis he said, " And if I had all the wine in the world, I'd take it and throw it into the river."  And then finally, he said, "And if I had all the whiskey in the world, I'd take it and throw it into the river." He then sat down.  The song leader then stood very cautiously and announced with a smile, "For our closing song, let us sing Hymn 365, "Shall We Gather at the River."
Why did Adele cross the road?  To say "Hello" from the other side!
Why did Adele cross the road?  To say hello from the other side.
What do you call a bee that belches?  A Burp Bee!
Two Hillbillies meet after an English exam:  Ey' how was the paper?  Oh it was just great, but I forgot the past tense of "THINK". I thought and thought for a long time, finally I just wrote "THUNK"  Ha ha ha, you are very silly, I thought about that for a while but I know the answer is "Thonk"  And what about the past tense of "Write"  Mmmm, I don't remember what i wrote on that one, I think I wrote "Written"  Well, let's hope you are right, I did not bother with the past tense of "GO", I just wrote "GOED" and went to submit my paper.    
My wife and I were happy for 25 years, ..... and then we met.
Police: Where do u live? Me: With my parents. Police: Where do your parents live? Me: With Me. Police: Where do you all live? Me: Together. Police: Where is your house? Me: Next to my neighbors house. Police: Where is your neighbors house? Me: You won't believe me if I tell you. Police: Tell Me! Me: Next to my house. 
According to Chewbacca The Force Awakens coming soon to a Disney Theme Park near you.
Dad I think the Smiths next door are angry at us.”  “Why is that?” “They’re probably mad because our dog can retrieve the newspaper, and theirs can’t.”  “How could you possibly know that?  We don’t even subscribe to the paper.”  “Yeah, that’s probably got something to do with it, too.” 
The viola got a solo......
An Australian Professor was conducting a research on crocodiles along the Sepik River and was escorted by a villager who knew a lot about the river and crocodiles. Paddling up the river, the Professor asked the village escort, "do you know how to read?" asked the Professor. The Villager replied, "nogat eh". The professor then said, "well, then you are already dead because you know nothing". The villager was so upset that he paddled the canoe without saying a word. A little up the river, the villager then asked the professor, "do you know swimiology?" The professor replied, "No". "Well then, you are dead," said the villager. "Because, if the canoeology is sinkology, you will not swimology, and the crocodiology will eatology your assology."  
3 young men met one pretty lady after church service. The men decided to introduce themselves. The first man says, I am Joseph but not the dreamer, the second man says I am John but not the Baptist and the last man says I am Abraham but not the father of nations. The pretty lady said hello to her new friends and introduced herself as Mary but not a virgin.
I called into my local pub to find O"Reily nursing a black eye, and looking very sorry for himself. "so what happened to yourself O'Reily?" "well, today's Monday, yesterday was Sunday and I was in church. We stood to sing the hymns when I noticed that mrs. Magilicuddy who was stood in front of me, had her lovely sunday frock stuck in her cheeks, so I reached over and pulled it back out. well she swung around and belted me with her handbag!"  " Ah bad luck O'Reily, you being such a gentleman and all" The very next week I called into the pub again to find O'Reily battered and bruised all over! " What happened to yourself O'Reily?" "Well today's Monday, yesterday was Sunday And I was in church with Shamus, we stood to sing the hymns and mrs. Magilicuddy had her sunday frock all jammed up so Shamus pulled it out for her.Now I knew she doesnt like that so I quickly tucked it back in! 
An ironworker nonchalantly walked the narrow beam fifteen floors above the city sidewalk.  Though strong winds were blowing a heavy rain, the worker showed no fear whatever.  When he came down to the sidewalk, a man who had been watching him from ground level went over to him and said, “I was really impressed watching you up there. You were so calm.  How did you get a job like this?”  “Well, as a matter of fact,” replied the ironworker, “I used to drive a school bus, until my nerves gave out.” 
What do you mean I’m not qualified?” demanded a job applicant.  “I have an IQ of 150. I scored 1,480 on the SAT. I was magna cum laude in graduate school.”  “Yes,” replied the hiring supervisor, “but we don’t really require intelligence around here.”
Knock, Knock Who's there? Ketchup. Ketchup who? Ketchup to me if you can, I have your wallet. 
Carlos told his wife he wanted a guitar to play while sitting in the Jacuzzi. “The next day she bought him an electric guitar.”
A couple is arguing about who should make the coffee in the morning.  The wife says, “I think your should do it because you get up first.” He counters with, “The kitchen is your domain, and you do all the cooking so you know where everything is.  I think you should make the coffee.” “No way,” she says. “You should do it.  The Bible even says so.”  “What the heck are you talking about?”  She grabs the family Bible, thumbs through, and point to the appropriate section: “Hebrews”  
Did you hear about the dead cabbage? There was a big turnip at the funeral.
A helicopter carrying passengers suddenly loses engine power and the aircraft begins to decent.  The pilot safely performs an emergency landing in water, and tells the passengers to remain seated and to keep the doors closed, stating that in emergency situations, the aircraft is designed to stay afloat for 30 minutes, giving rescuers time to get to them.  Just then a man gets out if his seat and runs over to open the door.  The pilots screams at him, "Didn't you hear what I said, the aircraft is designed to stay afloat as long as the doors remain closed?!".  "Of course I heard you", the man replied, "but it's also designed to fly, and look how good that one worked out!!"
People say that there is no difference between ‘finished’ and ‘complete’. I say there is...  Marry the right person, and you’re COMPLETE.  Marry the wrong person, and you’re FINISHED.  
Knock, knock Who’s there? Lettuce! Lettuce who? Lettuce in, its cold out here! 
Nurse:  Good morning Mr. Smith, you seem to be coughing much more easily this morning.  Mr. Smith:  I should be, I’ve been practicing all night. 
A guide was showing Niagara-Falls to a man from Texas and said; I’ll bet you don’t have anything like this in Texas. The Texan said; nope, but in Texas we have plumbers who can fix it. 
This young man was elated when he turned eighteen in a state where curfew is 11:00 p.m. for any one under seventeen years of age.  He told his Dad how happy he was that now he could stay out until 3:00 a.m. if he wanted. “Yes you can stay out as late as you want, but the car is under seventeen and it has to be in the garage by eleven.” His father said.
Joan and her neighbor are talking about their daughters, Joan says, my daughter is at the university. She’s very bright, you know.  Every time we get a letter from her we have to go to the dictionary. Her neighbor says you are lucky every time we hear from our daughter we have to go to the bank. 
“Guilty or not guilty of begging?’ asked the magistrate. “Nearly guilty,” said the beggar. “What do you mean, ‘nearly’ guilty? Asked the puzzled magistrate. “Well, your honor, I asked the lady for twenty-five cents but I didn’t get it.” 
The after dinner speaker was droning on and on and on, bring everyone to tears.  One of the guests, fighting to keep his drooping eyelids open, turned to the lady on his right and said,  “Can nothing be done to shut him up?” “If there is I’d like to know,” said the lady,  “—I’m his wife and I’ve been trying to shut him up for thirty years!” 
After years of working for others and being passed over for promotions, John and his wife, Mary, decided to go into business together.  After examining the classifieds, they bought a small candy stand, paying thirty cents for each box of candy and then selling it for thirty cents.    At the end of the day they were astonished to find that they had sold every box of candy – yet had exactly as much money as when they started.  “You see?” John snarled at his wife.  “I told you we should have bought a larger stand!”   
Q:Why did the farmer feed his cow money? A:Because he wanted rich milk
During a simulated attack, the troops have to defend themselves against an imaginary enemy, as the sergeant calls it.  Bawling out orders, he notices that one recruit shows little response.  “You there,” the sergeant shouts,  “the imaginary enemy is advancing, and your are caught in the crossfire.  Action!”  The recruit takes two steps to one side. “What are you doing, man?”  Yells the sergeant, purple with fury.  “I’m taking shelter behind an imaginary tree, Sergeant,” answers the recruit calmly. 
The frugal man walked into the house panting and almost completely exhausted. “What happened, Honey?” asked his wife.  “It’s a great new idea I have,” he gasped.  “I ran all the way home behind the bus and saved $1.50 cents.”    “That wasn’t too smart,” replied his wife. “Why didn’t you run behind a taxi and save ten dollars?”
Man: Do you know C.P.R? Woman: No why? Man: Because you just took my breath away!
A plane was taking off from Kennedy Airport. After it reached a comfortable cruising altitude, the captain made an announcement over the intercom, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.  Welcome to Flight Number 293, non-stop from New York to Los Angeles. The weather ahead is good and, therefore, we should have a smooth and uneventful flight. Now sit back and relax - OH, MY G-D!"  Silence followed, and after a few minutes the captain came back on the intercom and said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, I am so sorry if I scared you earlier; but, while I was talking, the flight attendant brought me a cup of coffee and spilled the hot coffee in my lap. You should see the front of my pants!"  A passenger in Coach said, "That's nothing. He should see the back of mine!"  
A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin, 5,  Ryan 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the  first pancake. Their mother saw the opportunity for a moral  lesson. "If Jesus were sitting here, He would say, 'Let my  brother have the first pancake, I can wait.'"  Kevin turned to his younger brother and said,   "Ryan, you be Jesus!"  
A businesswoman is sitting at a bar.  A man approaches her.  “Hi, honey,” he says.  “Want a little company?” “Why?” asks the woman?  “Do you have one to sell?  
Alfie had been listening to his sister practicing her singing.  "Sis," he said, "I wish you'd sing Christmas Carols."  "That’s nice of you, Alfie," she said.  "Why?"  "Then I'd only have to hear you once a year!"
Q:What goes up but never comes down? A:Your age.
 Q. Why are pancakes like a baseball game?  A. Because they depend on the batter. 
A woman went to her dentist to have her dentures adjusted for the fifth time. She said they still didn’t fit.  “Well,” said the dentist, “I’ll do it again this time, but no more.  There’s no reason why these shouldn’t fit your mouth easily.”  “Who said anything about my mouth?” the woman answered. “They don’t fit in the glass!” 
A teacher sees a lad entering the classroom – his hands were dirty. She stopped him and said, “John, please wash your hands.  My goodness, what would you say if I came into the room with hands like that?”  Smiling the boy replied, “I think I’d be too polite to mention it.”   
One day a genie appeared to a California man and offered to grant him one wish. the man said:” I wish you'd build a bridge from here to Hawaii so I could drive there anytime" The genie frowned" I don't know. It sounds like quite an undertaking,” he said. "Just think of the logistics. The supports required reaching the bottom of the ocean, the concrete, and the steel! Why don't you pick something else?" The man thought for a while and then said, "Okay, I wish for a complete understanding of women- what they are thinking, why they cry. I wish I knew how to make a woman truly happy". The genie was silent for a minute, then said "So how many lanes did you want on that bridge?" 
If Microsoft operated Restaurants Patron: Waiter! Waiter: Hi, my name is Bill, and I'll be your Support Waiter. What seems to be the problem? Patron: There's a fly in my soup! Waiter: Try again, maybe the fly won't be there this time. Waiter: Maybe the soup is incompatible with the bowl; what kind of bowl are you using? Patron: A SOUP bowl! Waiter: Can you remember everything you did before you noticed the fly in your soup? Patron: I sat down and ordered the Soup of the Day! Waiter: Have you considered upgrading to the latest Soup of the Day?
A ventriloquist stops to entertain some people in a small town. He's going through his usual stupid George W. jokes, when George W. himself walks up. "I've heard just about enough of your denigrating George W. jokes!" He says. "What makes you think you can stereotype me that way? What does a person's knowledge of geography and world politics have to do with their worth as a human being? It's guys like you who keep people like me from being respected at work and in my community. I'm as smart as anyone else and..." The ventriloquist begins to apologize, when George W. stops him. "You stay out of this, Mister. I'm talking to that little smart aleck on your knee!"
Bruno came home from school crying in hysterics. Looking at the bruises all over his face, it was apparent he got into some trouble. "What happened to you?" his father says in a panicky manner. "You remember the other day you told me 'Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never harm me.'" "Of course," the father replies. "Well," Bruno says, "you were right about the sticks and stones."
Things to do @ Wal-Mart while the significant other is taking his/her sweet time:  1. Get cans of cat food and randomly put them in people's carts when they don't realize it. 2. Set all the alarm clocks to go off at ten minute intervals throughout the day. 3. Make a trail of orange juice on the floor leading to the rest rooms. 4. Walk up to an employee and tell him in an official tone, "I think we've got a Code 3 in house wares," and see what happens. 5. Tune all the radios to a polka station; then turn them all off and turn the volumes to "10." 6. Challenge other customers to duels with tubes of gift wrap. 7. Put M&M's on layaway. 8. Move "Caution: Wet Floor" signs to carpeted areas. 9. Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath. 10. When someone asks if you need help, begin to cry and ask, "Why won't you people just leave me alone?"
Q: How did the Antartian break his leg raking leaves? A: He fell out of the tree.  Q: How did the Antartian die drinking milk? A: The cow stepped on her.
Q: Why are frogs so happy? A: They eat whatever bugs them!  Q: Why did the frog read Sherlock Holmes? A: He liked a good croak and dagger.  Q: What does a bankrupt frog say? A: "Baroke, baroke, baroke."
Q: Why did the guy get fired from the orange juice factory? A: He couldn't concentrate.
Her husband had been slipping in and out of a coma for several months yet she stayed by his bedside every single day. When he came to, he motioned for her to come nearer.  As she sat by him, he said, "You know what? You have been with me all through the bad times. When I got fired, you were there to support me. When my business fell, you were there. When I got shot, you were by my side. When we lost the house, you gave me support. When my health started failing, you were still by my side."  He stops. He makes a realization. "You know, now that I think about it, I think you bring me bad luck."
Q: Why do seagulls live by the sea?  A: Because if they lived by the bay, they would be bagels.
The fellow walked into a bar he had never been in before and ordered a drink. He then asked the bartender if he enjoyed dumb-jock jokes. The beefy attendant leaned over the bar and fixed a withering glare on his customer. "Listen, buddy," he growled. "See those two big guys on the left? They're professional football players. And that huge fellow on your right is a world-class wrestler. That guy in the corner is a champion weight-lifter. And I lettered in three sports at Notre Dame. Now," he continued, "are you absolutely positive you want to go ahead and tell your dumb-jock joke here?" "Nah, I guess not," the man replied. "I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."
Lady    An elderly lady decided she wanted the inside of her home painted so she looked in the newspaper and found an ad that said "no indoor house painting to small or large, call such and such number." so the woman gave the man a call and the next day he came to her house. The woman showed him the bedroom and said she wanted it painted light blue, he measure the room, wrote down the color. Then he went to the front door and yelled out "green side up", then they went to the kitchen and she asked for a light yellow, the man wrote it down, went to the front door and again yelled, "green side up" this went on for two other rooms with the man always going to the door and yelling "green side up" after they were done getting everything on paper, the woman asked the man how come after every room was finished he would go the front door and yell "green side up" ? the man laughed and told her that he also does landscaping and that he had just hired three idiots to lay sod across the street.
There are three ways a man wears his hair...  Parted, Un-parted, or Departed!
Once my divorce was final, I went to the local Department of Motor Vehicles and asked to have my maiden name reinstated on my driver's license.   "Will there be any change of address?" the clerk inquired.  "No," I replied.  "Oh, good," she said, clearly delighted. "You got the house." 
A son challenged his boastful father to a game of golf. The son was determined to beat his father in golf for the first time.   On the very first swing, the father got a hole in one.  “Okay, nice shot dad," said the son, thinking quickly on his feet. “Now I will take my practice shot and then we will start.”
Did you hear about the young lady who was addicted to line dancing?  They put her in a two step program.
Two men (a Russian and an American) were talking about their countries' accomplishments.  The Russian says, "We were the first to go into Space."  The American replies, "Well, we were the first to land on the moon."  Sick of their arrogance, another man comes over and says, "Oh yeah! Well, I'm gonna be the first one on the Sun!"  The Russian and American both laugh saying, "You can't go to the Sun. It's too hot. You'll burn up"  The man confidently replies, "I'm not an idiot. I'll just go at night!"
"I hope you didn't take it personally, Pastor," an embarrassed woman said after a church service, "when my husband walked out during your sermon."  "I did find it rather disconcerting," the preacher replied.  "It's not a reflection on you, sir," insisted the churchgoer.  "Ralph has been walking in his sleep ever since he was a child."
Knock knock ... Who's there?  Boo  Boo who?  You don't need to cry it's just a joke!
Guy (to a fly lady): Did you crawl out of a B-17 cause you're the bomb.
There was a farmer who sold a pound of butter to the baker. One day, the baker decided to weigh the butter to see if he was getting a pound, and he found that he was not. This angered him, and he took the farmer to court. ...   The judge asked the farmer if he was using any measurement.   The farmer replied, "Your Honor, I am primitive. I don't have a proper measurement, but I do have a scale."  The judge asked, "Then how do you weigh the butter?"  The farmer replied "Your Honor, long before the baker started buying butter from me, I have been buying a pound loaf of bread from him. Every day, when the baker brings the bread, I put it on the scale and give him the same weight in butter. If anyone is to be blamed, it is the baker."
Jack was sitting in an airplane when another guy took the seat beside him. The new guy was an absolute wreck, pale, hands shaking, biting his nails and moaning in fear.  "Hey, pal, what's the matter?" Jack asked  "Oh man... I've been transferred to California," the other guy answered, "there's crazy people in California and they have shootings, gangs, race riots, drugs, the highest crime rate..."  "Hold on," Jack interrupted, "I've lived in California all my life, and it is not as bad as the media says. Find a nice home, go to work, mind your own business, enroll your kids in a good school and it's as safe as anywhere in the world."  The other passenger relaxed and stopped shaking for a moment and said, "Oh, thank you. I've been worried to death, but if you live there and say it's OK, I'll take your word for it. What do you do for a living?"  "Me?" said Jack, "I'm a tail gunner on a bread truck."
I went to a speciality shop to buy a bra for my wife The clerk said he needed to know something about her before making a suggestion for instance: We have a Presbyterian bra that is firm and supportive. We have the Salvation Army bra that is warm and uplifting. The clerk asked me do you understand? I said yes she is Jewish, small busted and always finding fault with me.  You need the Jewish bra. It makes mountains out of mole hills    
I'm going to watch my wedding video later "backwards".   I love the end bit when she takes the ring off, goes back down the aisle and jumps in the car.
Nurse: Your blood pressure is amazingly high. Is your job very stressful?  Patient: Well, I work at a petting zoo.  Nurse: That seems easy enough.  Patient: I determine which animals are too vicious to be petted.  
What is the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu?  For the bird flu you get tweetment and for the swine flu you receive oinkment. 
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples. The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray: 'Take only ONE. God is watching.'  Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies.  A child had written a note, 'Take all you want. God is watching the apples.' 
Q: What part of a car is the laziest?  A: The Wheels, they are always tire'd.
Why worry, there only two things to worry about. Either you are well or you are sick. If you are well there is nothing to worry about. If you are sick then there are only two things to worry about. Either you will get well or you will die. If you get well then there is nothing to worry about. If you die then there are only two things to worry about. Either you will go to heaven or you will go to hell. If you go to heaven then there is nothing to worry about. If you go to hell you will be so damn busy shaking hands with your friends that you wont have time to worry.
Mr. Peterson, a tourist from Toronto, arrived in Barbados. In an airport taxi cab, Peterson asked the driver, "Say, is this really a healthful place?"  "It sure is," the cabby replied. "When I arrived here I couldn't say one word. I had hardly any hair on my head. I didn't have the strength to walk across a room, and I had to be lifted out of bed."  "That's wonderful!" said the tourist, "How long have you been here?"  "I was born here."
My friend told me I needed to get in shape.  I told him, "Round is a shape."
What goes "oooooooooooooooo!!!"?  A cow with no lips.
If Mississippi wears her New Jersey, what does Delaware?  I dunno, Al-ask-a.
As the plane approached the runway for takeoff, the pilot came on the overhead speakers...  "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome! We are third in line for takeoff, but don't worry, I think I can beat'em."
Jennifer's wedding day was fast approaching. Her parents divorced, but that never stopped her from wanting to get married. Her mother had found the perfect dress to wear. A week later, Jennifer was horrified to learn that her father's new young wife had bought the exact same dress as her mother. Jennifer asked her stepmother to exchange it, but she refused. "Absolutely not. I look like a million bucks in this dress and I'm wearing it," she replied.  Jennifer told her mother who graciously said, "Never mind sweetheart. I'll get another dress. After all, it's your special day."  A few days later, they went shopping and did find another gorgeous dress. When they stopped for lunch, Jennifer asked her mother, "Aren't you going to return the other dress? You really don't have another occasion where you could wear it."  Her mother just smiled and replied, "Of course I do, dear. I'm wearing it to the rehearsal dinner, the night before the wedding."
Definition of Myrrh...  Myrrh:  i.  a type of perfume or incense; ii.  the second gift of the Magi;  iii.  a great scrabble word when you are out of vowels. 
I opened my electric bill at the same time I opened my water bill.  Needless to say, I was shocked.
After years of wondering why he didn't look like his younger sister or brother, a young man finally got up the nerve to ask his mother if he was adopted.  "Yes, you were son," his mother said as she started to cry softly. "But it didn't work out and they brought you back."
My wife claims I'm a baseball fanatic. She says all I ever read about is baseball. All I ever talk about is baseball. All I ever think about is baseball.  I told her she's way off base!
Two elderly ladies were discussing their "elderly" issues. 			 "You're in the grocery store, Ethel," Gladys begins, "and the urge suddenly comes upon you. You go into the woman's bathroom, and the only stall is filthy, a total mess. You go to the family bathroom, and find the door is locked.  What do you do?"	 		 Ethel thinks for a minute, then replies, "Depends."			 
As a nightclub owner, I hired a pianist and a drummer to entertain my customers. After several performances, I discovered the drummer had walked away with some of my valuables. I notified the police, who arrested him.  Desperate for another drummer, I called a friend who knew some musicians. "What happened to the drummer you had"? he asked me.  "I had him arrested," I replied.  My friend paused for a second and asked, "How badly did he play"?
A lawyer named Strange passed away. His friend asked the tombstone maker to inscribe on his tombstone, "Here lies Strange, an honest man, and a lawyer."    The inscriber insisted that such an inscription would be confusing,  for a passerby would tend to think that three men were buried under the stone.  However, he suggested an alternative. He would inscribe, "Here lies a man who was both honest and a lawyer."   That way, whenever anyone walked by the tombstone and read it, they would be certain to remark,  "That's Strange."
Who was the roundest knight at King Arthur's table?   Why, Sir-Cumference, of course! 
You Know You Are Out of College When:  - Your potted plants stay alive. - Sleeping in a twin-sized bed seems absurd. - You have to pay your own credit card bill.  - Mac & Cheese no longer counts as a well-balanced meal. - "Extended childhood" only really pertains to your salary which is a little less than your allowance used to be. - "Twenty-something" means over-qualified, under-paid and not married.  - Jeans, flannels and baseball caps aren't staples in your wardrobe. - You go from 130 days of vacation time to 14. - You stop confusing 401k plan with 10K run.  - You go to parties that police don't raid. - You don't know what time Wendy's closes anymore. - Your car insurance goes down.  - You refer to college students as kids. - You feed your dog science diet instead of taco bell. - Half your conversations with current college students start with, "When I was in college..."
Melissa went up to her college professor, ready to contest the grade she received in the class. "I don’t understand why my grade was so low. How did I do on my research paper?  After staring at her with a blank look, the professor responded. "Actually, you didn’t turn in a research paper. You turned in a random assemblage of sentences. In fact, the sentences you apparently kidnapped in the dead of night and forced into this violent and arbitrary plan of yours clearly seemed to be placed on the pages against their will. Reading your paper was like watching unfamiliar, uncomfortable people interacting at a cocktail party that no one wanted to attend in the first place. You didn’t submit a research paper. You submitted a hostage situation."
Little Johnny runs to his dad and says, "Dad, there's water in the carburetor of the car!"  "How can you be so sure?" the father asks.   "I just know there is," replies Little Johnny.  "Do you even know what a carburetor is?"   "No," says Little Johnny.  "OK, where is the car?"   "In the lake."
A 90 year old geezer married a very young filly and was telling his doctor that they were expecting a baby.  "Let me tell you a story," the doctor said. "There was an absent-minded fellow who went hunting one day, but instead of picking up a gun, he picked up an umbrella. Suddenly, while he was out in the woods, a bear charged him. He pointed his umbrella at the bear, shot and killed it on the spot.  "Not possible!" the old geezer exclaimed. "Someone else must have shot that bear."  "Exactly!" the doctor replied.
Two tall trees, a birch and a beech, are growing in the woods.  A small tree begins to grow between them, and the beech says to the birch, "Is that a son of a beech or a son of a birch?"  The birch says he cannot tell, but just then a woodpecker lands on the sapling.  The birch says, "Woodpecker, you are a tree expert.  Can you tell if that is a son of a beech or a son of a birch?"  The woodpecker takes a taste of the small tree and replies, "It is neither a son of a beech nor a son of a birch, It is, however, the best piece of ash I have ever poked my pecker into."  Now wipe that smile off your face.
Everybody I know who has a dog usually calls him "Rover" or "Spot". I call mine Sex. Now, Sex has been very embarrassing to me.  When I went to the City Hall to renew the dog's license, I told the clerk that I would like a license for Sex.  He said, "I would like to have one too!"  Then I said, "But she is a dog!"  He said he didn't care what she looked like.  I said, "You don't understand. ... I have had Sex since I was nine years old."  He replied, "You must have been quite a strong boy."  When I decided to get married, I told the minister that I would like to have Sex at the wedding.  He told me to wait until after the wedding was over.  I said, "But Sex has played a big part in my life and my whole world revolves around Sex."  He said he didn't want to hear about my personal life and would not marry us in his church.  I told him everyone would enjoy having Sex at the wedding.  The next day we were married at the Justice of the Peace. My family was barred from the church from then on.  When my wife and I went on our honeymoon, I took the dog with me.  When we checked into the motel, I told the clerk that I wanted a room for me and my wife and a special room for Sex.  He said that every room in the motel is a place for sex.  I said, "You don't understand. ... Sex keeps me awake at night."  The clerk said, "Me too!"  One day I entered Sex in a contest. But before the competition began, the dog ran away.  Another contestant asked me why I was just looking around.  I told him that I was going to have Sex in the contest.  He said that I should have sold my own tickets.  "You don't understand," I said, "I hoped to have Sex on TV."  He called me a show off.  When my wife and I separated, we went to court to fight for custody of the dog.  I said, "Your Honor, I had Sex before I was married but Sex left me after I was married."  The Judge said, "Same here!"  Last night Sex ran off again. I spent hours looking all over for her. A cop came over and asked me what I was doing in the alley at 4 o'clock in the morning.  I said, "I'm looking for Sex." -- My case comes up next Thursday.  Well now I've been thrown in jail, been divorced and had more damn troubles with that dog than I ever foresaw.  Why just the other day when I went for my first session with the psychiatrist, she asked me, "What seems to be the trouble?"  I replied, "Sex has been my best friend all my life but now it has left me for ever. I can't live any longer being so lonely."  And the doctor said, "Look mister, you should understand that sex isn't a man's best friend so go get yourself a dog." 
There was a lawyer and a skunk standing in the road. How can u tell which lane each one was in?  There are skid marks in front of the skunk...
My girlfriend told me I was one in a million.  When I looked through her text messages, I had to admit she was right.  
Well we just cut the Cable...   Facebook offers the Jerry Springer show, Dr. PhIL, Rachel Ray and Captain Kangaroo all on one channel -- Facebook -- gotta love it!!! 
Back in my hippie college days, a professor came up to me in the cafeteria and asked me, "Ya dig?" 	 I thought to myself, this guy's pretty far out. I answered, "Yeh, man. I dig!" 	 That's how I got hoodwinked into joining his archaeological expedition.	 
Actual 911 Calls:  Dispatcher: Nine-one-one What is the nature of your emergency? Caller: I'm trying to reach nine eleven but my phone doesn't have an eleven on it. Dispatcher: This is nine eleven. Caller: I thought you just said it was nine-one-one Dispatcher: Yes, ma'am nine-one-one and nine-eleven are the same thing. Caller: Honey, I may be old, but I'm not stupid.  Dispatcher: Nine-one-one Caller: Yeah, I'm having trouble breathing. I'm all out of breath. Darn...I think I'm going to pass out. Dispatcher: Sir, where are you calling from? Caller: I'm at a pay phone. North and Foster. Damn.... Dispatcher: Sir, an ambulance is on the way. Are you an asthmatic? Caller: No Dispatcher: What where you doing before you started having trouble breathing? Caller: Running from the police.
When Diane found out she was pregnant, she told the good news to anyone who would listen. Her 4-year-old son overheard some of his parents private conversations.  One day, when Diane and her 4-year-old were shopping, a woman asked the little boy if he was excited about the new baby.  "Yes!" the 4-year-old said, "and I know what we are going to name it, too. If it's a girl we're going to call her Christina, and if it's another boy we're going to call it quits!"
A guy went fishing with his friend and had to ask, "Where is that new rod and reel you had the last time we went fishing? I can't help but notice that you’re using a stick a string and a safety pin for a hook."  His friend replied, "My wife thinks I'm wasting money so I told her I’d take the new rod and reel back if I didn’t catch a fish... any more questions?"   "Yes, why didn’t you go to the market and buy a fish to take home? If you remember that's what I did last year so I could keep my fishing gear."  His friend answered, "I did, but I forgot to take it out of the package!" 
Why did the turtle cross the road? To get into the shell station.  Why did the turkey cross the road twice? To prove it wasn't chicken.  Why did the rabbit cross the road? To get to the hare station.
A nervous passenger decided to purchase flight insurance at the ticket counter.   She had some time before the flights departure, so she stopped in a Chinese restaurant in the concourse.   She started to shake as she read her fortune cookie...  “Today’s investment will pay big dividends!” 
Arriving at the airport my buddy looked visibly shaken. I asked him, "Are you okay? What's the matter?"  Looking bewildered, he replied, "It'll pass. Every time I have to fly, I get a terminal illness."
A husband and wife were at the mall when they got separated. The wife calls him on her cell phone. "Where are you?" she asks.  "Well, do you remember the store when we were first married and you were looking at a beautiful ring in the jewelry store window, but we could not afford it?"  "Yes", she replies, excited to think about what he was about to say, a tear forming in her eyes.  "Great, I am at the sports store right next to it."
Due to budget constraints, the Board of the Daily Planet advised Perry White that he had to let one of his star reporters go. He was really overwhelmed about the magnitude of the decision. "Who should go, Clark or Lois?"   He actually did some praying, which he hadn't done for a long time. He asked, "Please. Show me a sign." That afternoon he was doing some shopping at Walmart, and when he went to his car he suddenly saw the answer.  The next day he called Clark and Lois into the office and said, "I'm sorry, Lois, but you have to go." After Lois collected her things and left, Clark took Perry aside and asked, "Chief - how did you know which one of us should go?"   Perry said, "Well, that turned out to be easier than I thought. While I was parking at Walmart, I looked up and there was the sign: FIRE LANE."
My three hundred plus pound of a grandfather loves to do karaoke. One night he was really into some heavy metal rock and roll song, even doing an air guitar routine.   Well, after he was done a young fellow came up to him and said, "You are a hip old dude!"   My grandfather snapped back, "Who you callin' a hippo - dude?!?!" 
My friend and I work in a lawn-mower-parts warehouse. He had the idea that his wife did not want a card on Valentine’s Day, but when he spoke to her on the phone, he discovered she was expecting one.  Not having time to buy a card on his way home, he was stuck. Then he looked at the lawn-mower trade magazines scattered around the office and got an idea.  Using scissors and glue, he created a card with pictures of mowers, next to which he wrote: “I lawn for you mower and mower each day.” 
Becoming aware of one's character defects leads naturally to the next step...  Blaming one's parents.
So I was having lunch with Bobby Fischer, the former world chess champion, and the table had a checkered tablecloth.  It took him two hours to pass the salt!
I feel inadequate when talking with a mechanic, so when my vehicle started making a strange noise, I sought help from a friend. He drove the car around the block, listened carefully, then told me how to explain the difficulty when I took it in for repair.  At the shop I proudly recited, "The timing is off, and there are premature detonations, which may damage the valves."  As I smugly glanced over the mechanic's shoulder, I saw him write on his clipboard, "The man says it makes a funny noise."
Mr. Frobisher always scheduled the weekly staff meeting for four-thirty on Friday afternoons.  When one of the employees finally got up the nerve to ask why, he explained.   "I will tell you why. I've learned that's the only time of the week when none of you wants to argue with me."
The sheep were standing around talking to each other and discussing life as usual when suddenly they hear a "mooooooooooo".  They look around and see only sheep.  They carry on grazing as before. "Mooooo, moooooo, mmmooo!"  One sheep can hear it all too clearly next to him.  He shuffles away a little from his friend, a worried look on his face and then asks, "George, why are you mooing? You’re a sheep. Sheep go 'baa!'"  His friend replies gladly, "I know, I thought I would learn a foreign language!" 
Three irishmen walk out of the bar at the same time...  Well, it is possible in theory!
There are three sisters stranded on a island. They live there until they run out of food. They decide to try to swim to the next island but it is 100 miles away.   The oldest sister swims the first 15 miles, gets tired, and swims back. The middle one swims the first 25 miles, gets tired, and swims back.   The youngest sister, and not the smartest one, swims the first 50 miles, gets tired, and swims back. 
What did the two businessmen say to each other as they closed a deal during an earthquake?  "Let's shake on it!" 
Two horse enthusiasts were having a conversation. 		 "I found a veterinarian that specializes in racehorses. Their legs and joints can get very tender and fragile as they get old. My 'ol Betsy is starting to have problems trotting." 		 "What's so great about this place?" 		 "They're professional, experienced, and they have extremely fast service." 		 "So what's this place called?" 		 "Po-Knee Express!"		 
A very thirsty man goes into a bar. As he's sitting down, he hears the man next to him tell the bartender, "I'll have another waterloo."  The bartender gives the fellow a tall, well-iced drink, then asks the newcomer what he would like to drink. Thinking the other man's drink may be a specialty of the house, he says, "I'll have a waterloo, too."  The bartender gives him the tall, well-iced drink and the customer takes a big drink. "Hey," he says. "This isn't any good. It tastes just like water!"  The man next to him looks at the bartender and says, "Well, it is water. Right, Lou?"
I used to work in the woods as a lumberjack...  But just couldn't hack it...   So they gave me the ax!  
I'm not saying that the customer service in my bank is bad...   But when I went in the other day and asked the clerk to check my balance . . . .  She leaned over and pushed me! 
TOP TEN GIFTS YOUR WIFE DOESN'T WANT FOR CHRISTMAS...  10.  A car wash kit   9.  A table saw   8.  Two all-day passes to Best Buy's Home Theatre Installation Seminar   7.  A case of oil   6.  Five-year subscription to Sports Illustrated    5.  Custom engraved bowling ball   4.  New outboard motor for fishing boat   3.  Rambo Trilogy on DVD   2.  New satellite dish with sports package   1.  Three-year membership to Weight Watchers Clinic
My clothes dryer broke down the other day, so I picked up a newspaper to look for a reasonably priced used clothes dryer.   I found an ad that listed a "New, Still in BOX, Unopened, green & environmentally friendly Solar Powered Clothes Dryer" for $50. Wow! That was a bargain for such a high tech dryer. I ordered one with free delivery.  The day I received it, my jaw dropped! I got a box with clothes pins and several yards of rope. 
Tom was so excited about his promotion to Vice President of the company he worked for and kept bragging about it to his wife for weeks on end.  Finally she couldn't take it any longer, and told him, "Listen, it means nothing, they even have a vice president of peas at the grocery store!"  "Really?" he said. Not sure if this was true or not, Tom decided to call the grocery store.  A clerk answers and Tom says, "Can I please talk to the Vice President of peas?"  The clerk replies, "Canned or frozen?"   
Al: What kind of woman did you marry?  Sam: She's an angel, that's what she is.   Al: Boy, you sure are lucky. Mine's still living.
I'm not afraid of dying....  I just don't want to be there when it happens! 
Two small boys, not yet old enough to be in school, were overheard talking at the zoo one day.  "My name is Billy. What's yours?" asked the first boy.  "Tommy," replied the second.  "My Daddy's an accountant. What does your Daddy do for a living?" asked Billy.  Tommy replied, "My Daddy's a lawyer."  "Honest?" asked Billy.  "No, just the regular kind," replied Tommy.
A man had been driving all night and by morning was still far from his destination. He decided to stop at the next city he came to and park somewhere quiet so he could get an hour or two of sleep. As luck would have it, the quiet place he chose happened to be on one of the city's major jogging routes. No sooner had he settled back to snooze when there came a knocking on his window. He looked out and saw a jogger running in place.  "Yes?"  "Excuse me, sir," the jogger said, "do you have the time?" The man looked at the car clock and answered, "8:15."  The jogger said thanks and left. The man settled back again, and was just dozing off when there was another knock on the window and another jogger. "Excuse me, sir, do you have the time?"  "8:25!"  The jogger said thanks and left. Now the man could see other joggers passing by and he knew it was only a matter of time before another one disturbed him. To avoid the problem, he got out a pen and paper and put a sign in his window saying, "I do not know the time!" Once again he settled back to sleep.He was just dozing off when there was another knock on the window.  "Sir, sir? It's 8:45!"
When you know it's time for a new car when...  - You pull over to let a fire truck go by, and it stops behind you. - You have to go to a repair center every thousand miles to get the duct tape replaced. - You accidentally drive into a junkyard, drive out, and get accused of stealing.  - The Blue Book lists your car under "Health Risk." - The only thing holding your bumper on is the "Dukakis/Bentsen '88" sticker. - You return to your car and find someone broke in and left a hundred dollars and a new stereo.  - Evel Knievel refuses a free lift. - The valet puts on a crash helmet and full-body armor before parking your car. - The guys at the repair shop refer you to Dr. Kevorkian.
I told my friend that my wife and I had a huge argument and she left for the Caribbean.  "Jamaica?" he asked.   "No," I replied, "she went of her own accord."
You Know You Had Too Much Coffee When •	Juan Valdez names his donkey after you  •	You get a speeding ticket even when you're parked •	You grind your coffee beans in your mouth •	You sleep with your eyes open •	You have to watch videos in fast-forward •	You lick your coffee pot clean •	Your eyes stay open when you sneeze •	The nurse needs a scientific calculator to take your pulse •	You can type sixty words a minute with your feet •	You can jump-start your car without cables •	Your only sources of nutrition comes from "Sweet & Low" •	You don't sweat, you percolate 
A bunch of bees were enjoying themselves by buzzing around and harassing nature lovers on their bicycles.	 	 "You know," one of the bees said, "if we had arms and legs, it would be a lot easier pedaling these things!"		 
If you walk by a pond and hear someone shouting, "I'm thinking! I'm thinking!", you better spring into action...    He could have a lisp.			 
If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow that electricians can be delighted, musicians denoted, cowboys deranged, models deposed, tree surgeons debarked, and dry cleaners depressed?
The computer in my high school classroom recently started acting up. After watching me struggle with it, one of my students came up and took over. "Your hard drive crashed," he said.  I called the computer services office and explained, "My computer is down. The hard drive crashed."  "We can't just send people down on your say so. How do you know that's the problem"?  "A student told me," I answered.  "We'll send someone over right away."
"Hold on, I get a feeling I've been here before."  "Why do you say that?"  "My phone automatically connected to the WiFi."
Wife: "No, I'm telling you, I'm right! He couldn't eat the Trix because he was an adult rabbit and Trix were only supposed to be for kids."  Husband: "Well, I always thought it was just because he was a rabbit and not a person."  (A period of silence -- the wife looks down at her food.)  Husband: "What's wrong?"  Wife: "I'm just really getting tired of you always being wrong." 
My grandpa recently told me that my generation was too reliant on technology.  "No, grandpa, your generation is too reliant on technology,'' I retorted as I unplugged him from life-support.
She: Will you still love me when my hair is white?  He: I suppose so. I've loved you through four colors already.
Definition of preface: What you looked like before plastic surgery.						 
A university student named Jesse was taking a psychology course. Throughout the semester he was not doing very well on his exams and papers.  It came time for finals and he studied very hard, knowing that it would be a one question test. To receive a good grade on the test the students had to write everything they knew on the test subject. The day came for the test and the students, especially Jesse, were very nervous.  The professor came in and started the test, which consisted of one question: "What is it to be courageous?"  All of the students started writing frantically. Jesse sat there for a while and simply wrote: "This is being courageous." He then turned in his test.  Jesse received the only A in the class.
A man joined the priesthood.  The order he joined could not speak for seven years.  Then they could only say 2 words.  The first seven years passed and they went into a small room.  His 2 word were "too cold".   The next seven years passed and they took him back into the small room and his 2 words were "bad food".  The next seven years passed they took him back into the small room and his 2 words were "I quit".  "Good," they said, "all you have done is complain."   
The teenager lost a contact lens while playing basketball in his driveway. After a brief, fruitless search, he gave up. His mother took up the cause and within minutes she had found the lens.  "I looked everywhere, how did you do that?" he asked.  "We weren’t looking for the same thing," she explained. "You were looking for a small piece of plastic. I, on the other hand, was looking for $150!"
Before the mother squid gave birth, she said she had an inkling...
3 Database Admins walk into a NoSQL/GraphDB meet-up group. A little while later they walk out.   They couldn't find any tables.
At the supermarket, a woman shopped with her four boys and a baby. Her patience was wearing thin as the boys called out, "Mommy! Mommy!" while she tried to shop.  Finally, she blurted out, "I don’t want to hear the word mommy for at least ten minutes!"  The boys fell silent for a few seconds. Then one tugged on his mother’s dress and said softly, "Excuse me, miss."
I like to smoke whenever and wherever I want.  When someone tells me no smoking allowed, I tell them, "No problem, I'll smoke quietly then."						 
Experienced ice fisher has spent an hour at his fishing hole but is not having luck. He sees a kid sitting nearby on the ice pulling in one fish after another out of the water with his pole. Finally the older gentleman trudges over to the kid and asks him, "I've been watching ya  kid, what's your trick?"  The kid mumbles with his lips tightly clamped shut, "M-mmm-mmmm-mmm." When asked again the gentleman gets the same response, "M-mmm-mmmm-mmm."  Only this time with more emphasis.   Upon asking the third time the kid spits out a glossy sticky worm into his hand and says, "Ya gotta keep your worms warm!"
A customer to the bartender, as he tries to convince him that he is not drunk... "I feel more like I do now than I did when I came in here!"
An artist asked the gallery owner if there had been any interest in her paintings that were on display. "Well, I have good news and bad news," the owner responded. "The good news is that a gentleman noticed your work and wondered if it would appreciate in value after your death. I told him it would and he bought all 10 of your paintings."  "That's wonderful," the artist exclaimed. "What's the bad news?"  "The gentleman was your doctor."
In a kids bedroom:  3 year old: I can't sleep  Father: Why not?  3 year old: There are scary monsters under my bed.    Father: Scarier than your mother?  3 year old: "zzz"
An interim school superintendent, speaking at a city-wide PTA luncheon, assured members that he was always happy to hear from them about problems. He told them, "You can call me day or night, at this number . . ."  Suddenly there was a cry from the assistant superintendent. "Hey," he exclaimed, "that's MY number!" 
The young boy was spending a Sunday afternoon with his grandpa. Looking at pictures of his grandpa in his military uniform, the boy asked, "Grandpa, did you ever kill anyone in the war?"  "No champ, I never did."  "That's a good thing."  "You're telling me," began grandpa, "I was the cook!"
A elderly lady, badly needing to use the restroom, walked into a local Hooters restaurant. The place was hopping with music and loud conversation and every once in a while the lights would turn off. Each time the lights would go out, the place would erupt into cheers. She walked up to the bartender, and asked, “May I please use the restroom?”   The bartender replied, “OK, but I should warn you that there is a statue of a naked man in there wearing only a fig leaf.”   “Well, that's okay, I’ll just look the other way,” she said.   The bartender then showed the elderly lady to the back of the restaurant. After a few minutes, she came back out, and the whole place stopped just long enough to give her a loud round of applause.   She went to the bartender and said, “Sir, I don’t understand. Why did they applaud for me just because I went to the restroom?”   “You see,” laughed the bartender, “every time someone lifts the fig leaf on that statue, the lights go out.” 
A couple were on vacation in Colorado. They flew to Denver and rented a car to sight see. One of the sights was a bridge that was more than 1,000 feet above the river. Walking out onto the bridge, they noticed it swaying in the wind.  "I don't think I want to drive the car across this bridge," one said to the other.  "What are you worried about?" the second replied. "It's a rental." 
The Invisible Man, Dracula, and the Wolfman were all applying for a job.  Which one got hired? 							 Certainly not Dracula, he can only work nights. 							 Not the Wolfman, severe grooming problem. 							 Needless to say, the Invisible Man was hired, sight unseen!							 
What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?  The same middle name.
Protons have mass?  I didn't even know they were Catholic. 
A husband came home from work one evening and walked into the kitchen where his wife was cooking dinner.  He looked into the pots on the stove and smelled their content.  "Is the Preacher coming for dinner," he asked.  "No, he isn't," his wife replied. "Why do you ask?"  "Well, you've prepared a burnt offering. I just assumed something religious was going on."  
A bear walks into a restaurant and says, "I want a grilled............... cheese please."  The waiter asks, "What's with the pause?"  The bear replies. "What do you mean, I'm a bear aren't I? 
A woman notices her husband standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in his stomach. “You know, that’s not going to help,” she says.  “Sure it does,” he answers. “It’s the only way I can see the numbers.” 
Did you ever have a constant ringing in your ear?   I finally got the divorce.
Wife: Honey I lost 5 pounds!  Husband: AT LAST... you washed off your makeup!  
Yo mamas so fat I took a pic of her last year at Christmas, and it's still printing out.
Do you know the song "Yesterday"? Then sing along to this computer version.  Yesterday, All those backups seemed a waste of pay. Now my database has gone away. Oh I believe in yesterday.  Suddenly, There's not half the files there used to be, And there's a milestone hanging over me. The system crashed so suddenly.  I pushed something wrong. What it was I could not say.  Now all my data's gone and I long for yesterday-ay-ay-ay.  Yesterday, The need for back-ups seemed so far away. I knew my data was all here to stay, now I believe in yesterday.
Why is stuff delivered by a car called a shipment, and stuff delivered by a ship called a cargo?
Why can't cats use computers?  Because they only want to chase the mouse.
There was this blonde woman who had a fire in her house, so she called the fire department.   Blonde: There's a fire in my house!  Fireman: Alright ma'am how do we get to your house?  Blonde: With the big red fire truck, of course! 
Yo momma so fat, when she passes the TV, 3 episodes pass.
Patient: Every time I sneeze I have an orgasm.  Doctor: Are you taking anything for it?  Patient: Black pepper.
One Sunday, while counting the money in the weekly offering, the pastor of a small Florida church found a pink envelope containing $1,000. It happened again the next week. The following Sunday, he watched as the offering was collected and saw a little old lady put the distinctive pink envelope in the plate.  This went on for weeks until the pastor, overcome by curiosity, approached her. "Ma'am, I couldn't help but notice that you put $1,000 a week in the collection plate." he stated.  "Why, yes," she replied. "Every week my son sends me money and I give some of it to the church."  The pastor replied, "That's wonderful, how much does he send you?"  "$10,000 a week."  The pastor was amazed. "Your son must be very successful. What does he do for a living?"  "He's a veterinarian," she answered.  "That's an honorable profession," the pastor said. "Where does he practice?"  The old lady said proudly, "In Nevada. He has two cat houses in Las Vegas and one in Reno."
 A man walks into a pharmacy and buys a pack of condoms.  The cashier ask him if he wants a bag.  He replies, "No, she's not that ugly."     
Knock, Knock!   Who's there? Amos.  Amos who?   Amosquito just bit me!
Four guys enjoying a round of golf come up to the 18 hole. The first 3 guys put their ball in the fairway, the last guy drives his ball over the fence with his new Titleist. He tells his friends to finish up and that he will meet them in club house.  After a half hour goes by and finally the 4th golfer comes back all beat up with bumps and cuts on his head and bleeding all over. All his fellow golfers are like, what the heck happened?  He tells them the story.  Over the fence was a bunch of cows. I noticed one cow was moaning and carrying on crazy. I slowly lifted her tail and there was a ball stuck in the you know what. Gladly it was not mine. About that time a lady came over the fence looking for her ball. So I told her to come over and let me show you something. I raised the tail on that cow and said to her does that look like yours?  After that I don't remember much...
I woke up suddenly terrified, I'm late for work!  I opened my eyes and chilled... I'm at work.
A man walks into a bar, drinks a couple of beers, and prepares to leave. The bartender tells him he owes $8. "But I already paid you. Don't you remember? Says the customer. "OK," says the bartender, "If you say you paid, then I suppose you did."  The man goes outside and tells the first person he sees that the bartender can't keep track of whether his customers have paid or not. The second man rushes in, orders a couple beers, and later pulls the same stunt. The barkeep replies, "OK, If you say you paid, than I suppose you did."   The customer goes outside and tells a friend how to get free drinks. The third man hurries into the bar and begins to drink highballs. The bartender leans over and says, "You know, a funny thing happened tonight. Two men were drinking beer, neither paid, and both claimed they had. The next guy who tries that stunt is going to get punched in the face"   The man interrupts, "Don't bother me with your troubles, bartender.  Just give me my bill and ill be on my way."
What is the favorite pastime for Retired Lawyers?  Ambulance chasing!  ----- Old Habits Die Hard-----
A bill collector knocked on the door of a country debtor.  "Is Fred home"? he asked the woman who answered the door.  "Sorry," the woman replied. "Fred's gone for cotton."  The next day, the collector tried again.  "Is Fred here today"?  "No, sir," she said. "I'm afraid Fred has gone for cotton."  When he returned the third day, he humphed, "I suppose Fred is gone for cotton again"?  "No," the woman answered solemnly. "Fred died yesterday."  Suspicious that he was being avoided, the collector decided to wait a week and investigate the cemetery himself. But sure enough, there was poor Fred's tombstone, with this inscription:  "Gone, but not for cotton."
3 boys are fishing on a river and a man comes floating by screaming help. The 3 boys grab the man and they realize it is Justin Bieber! Justin said thank you and he wanted to give each boy a gift, anything they wanted.  The first boy said, I haven't been to Disney World. Justin gave him and his family an all expense paid trip to Florida.  The second boy said, that he loves fishing but his dad works to much. Justin bought him and his dad an all expense paid trip to Alaska.  The third boy said what about a motorized wheel chair, with a tv and an Xbox attached, and it dispenses candy. Justin said yes, and that was great that he was giving away his gift. He asked who would be getting this gift? It's for me he replied. To that Justin replied, you can walk just fine though.  I will need that wheel chair after my dad finds out I pulled you out of the river.  
Having been married ten years and still living in an apartment, the wife would often complain about anything, as she was tired of saving every penny to buy a dream home.  Trying to placate her, the husband found a new apartment, within their budget. However, after the first week, she began complaining again.  Joel, she said, I don't like this place at all. There are no curtains in the bathroom. The neighbors can see me every time I take a bath.  Don't worry. replied her husband. If the neighbors do see you, they'll buy curtains. 
The cool part about naming your kid is you don’t have to add six numbers to make sure the name is available.
My 13-year-old grandson spent a beautiful Saturday playing video games.  His older sister tried coaxing him outside by warning, “Someday, you’re going to be 30 years old, single, and living in Mom’s basement playing video games all day!”  He reply: “I can only dream.”
My daughter was listening to her radio in the other room, I yelled out to her and ask, "What the heck is that disturbing noise?"  She replied, "That's my radio daddy."  I said,  "Well try mine it doesn't sound like that!"
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
Do you know why a roach clip is called a roach clip?  Because "pot holder" was already taken.
An elderly couple go to church every Sunday.  During the weekly sermon, the old man would occasionally nod off as the preacher talked.  Whenever the old man nodded off, his wife would poke him with her hat pin.  As the preacher was saying, "Who created the Heavens and the Earth?", the old man nodded off.  His wife poked him and he shouted, "God Almighty!"  The preacher answered, "Amen, brother."  Ten minutes later, as the preacher was saying, "Who died on the cross for our sins?", the old man nodded off again.  His wife poked him and he shouted, "Jesus Christ!"  The preacher answered, "Amen, brother."  Ten more minutes pass, as the preacher was saying, "What did Eve say to Adam after their first child was born?", the old man opened his eyes, looked at his wife as she was about to poke him again and said, "You stick that damn thing in me one more time and I'm gonna break it off!"
* Put the past behind you, unless you're a time traveler.  * Remember that only James Bond lives twice. You only live once.  * Time makes fools of us all. However, you can't make a fool of time.  * You sometimes get what you want. You can't always get what you need.
An Irishman proposed to his girlfriend on Saint Patrick’s Day and gave her a ring  with a synthetic diamond.   On learning it wasn't real she protested vehemently about his cheapness.  He explained that in honor of Saint Patrick’s Day, he picked her a sham-rock.
My friend told me her dog died of a stroke.  I asked her how hard she stroked it.  She's not my friend anymore. 
A man parks his bicycle nearby the Parliament house and walks on.  A police constable stops him and asks, "Why did you park your bicycle here? Don't you know it is a VIP road and all parliamentarians and senators pass from here?"  Man replied, "Don't you worry about it, I locked my bicycle!"
If it's true that girls are inclined to marry men like their fathers, it is understandable why so many mothers cry so much at weddings. 
Part of my job as a 911 dispatcher is to interrogate callers who are in various states of panic so I can send the appropriate emergency equipment. One day a woman called to say that a family member had fallen and needed to go to a hospital.  After finding out where she lived and assuring her that the paramedics would arrive shortly, I asked her, "Do you know what caused the fall?"  "No," the woman nervously replied. "What?"
The phlebotomist entered the hospital room to draw blood. Noticing an apple on the patient's nightstand, she remarked, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."  "That's true," the patient replied. "I haven't seen a doctor in three days."
A passenger train is creeping along, painfully slow. Finally, it creaks to a complete halt. A passenger sees a conductor walking by outside.  "What's going on?" she yells out the window.   "Cow on the track!" replies the conductor.  Ten minutes later, the train resumes its slow pace. Within five minutes, however, it stops again. The woman sees the same conductor walking by again. She leans out the window and yells, "What happened? Did we catch up with the cow again?"
If fortune tellers know the future, how come it's so difficult to find a happy medium?  
If you are dating someone who only visits and annoys you at night...   ... then you must be dating a Mosquito.
An older couple was asking for a room with a king, queen or double bed. The clerk apologized and said that the only rooms available had twin beds.  Disappointed, the man remarked, "I don't know. We've been sharing the same bed for 44 years."  "Could you possibly put them close together?" the wife asked.  Several people nearby smiled, and someone commented, "How romantic."  Then the woman finished her request with, "Because if he snores, I want him close enough to be able to elbow him." 
A man went camping in a state park. Before leaving his car to go hiking he left a note on the dashboard saying, “The stereo is broke.”  He did this to deter thieves from breaking into his older model car. When returning from his hike the man noticed his car window was broken and the stereo was cut from the dashboard.  A note was left by the thief saying, “We’ll fix it.”
I'm not the easiest guy in the world to get along with. So when our anniversary rolled around, I wanted my wife to know how much I appreciated her tolerating me for the past 20 years. I ordered flowers and told the florist to enclose a card that read, 'Thanks for putting up with me so long.'  When my wife got the delivery, she called me at work.  "Just where do you think you going?" she asked.  "What do you mean?" I said.  She read the card aloud as the florist had written it: "Thanks for putting up with me. So long."
I was watching the London Marathon and saw one runner dressed as a chicken and another runner dressed as an egg...  I thought, "This could be interesting."
To get his mind off his losing streak at the racetrack, I took my friend horseback riding. Being a novice, he freaked when his horse took off.  "How do I get it to slow down?!" he yelled.  "Bet on it!" I hollered back.
Be careful when you have friends who tell you they can help you break into the jewelry business...	  I took their advice, and now I'm serving 9 to 15 in the state penitentiary.	 
It was revealed in a UK government survey that the prime minister was doing the work of two men...   Those two men would be Laurel and Hardy. 
A squirrel was sitting in an apple tree. All of a sudden a cow started climbing up the tree. Surprised to see a climbing cow the squirrel asked the newcomer, "What the heck are you doing here?"  The cow replied, "I thought I'd eat some oranges."  "But this is an apple tree."  "I know. I brought my own."
"Mom, I wish I had the enough money to buy an elephant."  The mother asked, "Why do you want an elephant?"  The boy replied, "I never said I wanted an elephant, I just wish I had that much money."
It's the only type of cooking a "real" man will do. When a man volunteers to do such cooking, the following sequence of events takes place:   1. The woman goes to the market to buy the food.  2. The woman fixes the salad, vegetables, and dessert.  3. The woman prepares the meat for cooking, places it on a tray along with the necessary cooking utensils, and takes it to the man, who is lounging beside the grill, drinking a beer.  4. The man places the meat on the grill.  5. The woman goes inside to set the table and check the vegetables.  6. The woman comes out to tell the man that the meat is burning.  7. The man takes the meat off the grill and hands it to the woman.  8. The woman prepares the plates and brings them to the table.  9. After eating, the woman clears the table and does the dishes. 10. The man asks the woman how she enjoyed "her night off".  And, upon seeing her annoyed reaction, concludes that there's just no pleasing some women.
With the help of a fertility specialist, a 75 year old woman has a baby. All her relatives come to visit and meet the newest member of their family. When they ask to see the baby, the 75 year old mother says, "Not yet."   A little later they ask to see the baby again. Again the mother says, "Not yet."   Finally they say, "When can we see the baby?"   "When the baby cries."   "Why do we have to wait until the baby cries?"   The new mother says, "Because I forgot where I put it." 
At the local machine shop, Jim was a long time employee who took a new kid under his wing.  Ryan, the new hire, was 20 years younger than Jim. He appreciated Jim's help in teaching him the ins and outs of working in a machine shop. They became fast friends, and after a few days decided to hit the local pub together for lunch.  They picked a table near the bar, and while they were waiting for their drinks, Ryan noticed an ornery looking guy at the end of the bar staring at him. 							 "Wonder what that guys problem is," Ryan said to Jim.							  "His name is Vic.  A mean son of a gun if you've ever seen one.  He's about your age, and I've known him pretty much his whole life.  Always looking for trouble."	 						 Sensing that they were talking about him, Vic called over to Ryan, "You talking to me?" 							 Ryan said to Jim, "I think he's looking for a fight.  What should I do?"							  "Well," said Jim, "when I was your age, I was about your size. Twenty years ago I could've whooped him." 							 "If you say so!" Ryan gets up and walks toward Vic.  As he approached him, Vic hauls off and bam!  Vic Knocked Ryan out cold.  As Vic was being escorted out of the bar by bouncers, Ryan was coming to at the table where Jim was applying a cold compress to his jaw. 							 "I thought you told me 20 years ago you could've whooped him," Ryan said.							  "I sure could have," Bill replied. "But 20 years ago, Vic would have been 10!"							 
I had just pulled over someone for driving under the influence when another car pulled up behind us. I stopped what I was doing and ventured back to see if the driver needed assistance.  “No, I don’t need any help,” he said, reeking of booze. Then, pointing to the flashing cherry top on the roof of my cruiser, he continued, “I just stopped for the red light.”
A lady goes into a butcher shop. She says to the butcher, "can I have a pound of kiddlelees?"  The butcher looks at her and says, "you mean kidneys don't you?"  The lady looks at him and replies, "I said kiddlelees diddle I?"
What is a Panda's favorite metal?  Pandamonium
Question: What’s the best way to make a small fortune in the stock market?  Answer:  Start off with a big one.
I was hospitalized for a few days, and my wife reported that my dog really missed me. "She spends the night at the front door, awaiting your return," she said.  "What an example of true love," I replied. "I wonder if you'd be that concerned about me?"  "Honey," my wife answered, "if you were gone overnight, and I didn't know where you were, you can be sure I'd be waiting for you at the front door." 
Did you hear about the Andeluvian that wore out her DVD player re-winding them?
Where did Mary go after the explosion?  Everywhere
Man: Marry me?  Woman: Do you have a house?  Man: No...  Woman: Do you have a BMW car?  Man: No...  Woman: How much is your salary?  Man: No salary... but...  Woman: No but. You have nothing. How can i marry you? Please leave!  Man: (now talking to himself) I have one villa, 3 pieces of property, 3 Ferrari's, 2 Porsche's. Why I still need to buy BMW!?!?  I don't have a salary because I'm the BOSS!
I'd like to buy a new boomerang.  Also, I'd like to know how to throw the old one away.
Father: Why did you get such a low score in that exam?  Son: Absence.  Father: You were absent on the day of the exam?  Son: No but the boy who sits next to me was!
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
I just got a job at the local Taxi cab company,  Now I just need to find a ride to get there!!!
One day, while strolling down the boardwalk, I bumped into an old friend of mine, Rob, from high school.  “You look great Rob, how do you stay looking so young?  Why you must be at least 65 already but you don’t look a day over 40!” I exclaimed.   “I feel like I’m 40 too!” replied Rob.   “That’s incredible,” I said,  “Does it run in the family?  How old was your dad when he passed?”   “Did I say he was dead?” asked Rob. “He’s 81 and is more active than ever. He just joined the neighborhood basketball team!” responded Rob.   “Whoa! Well, how old was your Grandfather when he died?”   “Did I say he died” asked Rob. “He just had his 105th birthday and plays golf and goes swimming each day! He’s actually getting married this week!"   “Getting married?!” I asked. If he’s 105, why on earth does he want to get married?!   Rob looked at me, smiled,  and replied, “Did I say he wanted to?”  
Tech support: Are you sure you used the right password? Customer: Yes, I'm sure. I saw my colleague do it.  Tech support: Can you tell me what the password was? Customer: Five stars.
Donald Trump will kick Her Rump!
Do you know what I heard?  Sheep.
Why is a kangaroo like a pool table?  They both have side pockets!
How many unemployed actors does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Six. One to screw it in and the rest to say they could've done it better.
My wife complained that i never take her anywhere...  I told her that's not true, we take a trip around the sun every year!
Three men appear in court, on charges of drunk and disorderly conduct in a public park. The judge asks the first defendant, "What were you doing?"  "Oh, just throwing peanuts in the pond."  The judge asks the second gentleman, "And what were you doing?"  "I was throwing peanuts in the pond, too."  "Sounds harmless," says the judge. He turns to the third person, "And you, were you throwing peanuts in the pond as well?"  "No, sir. I AM Peanuts!"
We'll never run out of math teachers as long as they multiply.
I asked my grandma what health problems ran in our family, for a school project.  She said she couldn't really think of any.  "So you've been pretty healthy all your life?" I asked.  "Yep." she replied contentedly.  "So you've never been bed ridden?" I went on.  "Lord yes, hundreds of times, and once in a buggy!"
By the time a Marine pulled into a little town, every hotel room was taken.  "You've got to have a room somewhere," he pleaded.  "Or just a bed, I don't care where."  "Well, I do have a double room with one occupant - an Air Force guy," admitted the manager, "and he might be glad to split the cost. But to tell you the truth, he snores so loudly that people in adjoining rooms have complained in the past.  I'm not sure it'd be worth it to you."  "No problem," the tired Marine assured him.  "I'll take it."  The next morning the Marine came down to breakfast bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.  "How'd you sleep?" asked the manager.  "Never better."  The manager was impressed.  "No problem with the other guy snoring, then?"  "Nope, I shut him up in no time" said the Marine.  "How'd you manage that?" asked the manager.  "He was already in bed, snoring away, when I came in the room," the Marine" explained.  "I went over, gave him a kiss on the cheek, said, 'Goodnight, beautiful,' and he sat up all night watching me." 
Question: What did the bride give to the groom that loves onions?  Answer: Onion Ring!
There were three idiots who were in another country and they didn't know the language. They decided that they would go to the local village and they would each learn one new phrase.  So they went to the village, and the first idiot was watching a girl sing, "Me,me,me,me,me!!" So that was the first idiot's phrase.  The second idiot saw a street vendor who was selling silverware and who was saying "Forks and knifes." And that was the second idiot's phrase.  The third idiot went to a park and saw a boy saying, "Swing me first!" And that was the third idiot's phrase.  The three idiots met back and were about to tell each other their new phrases when a policeman ran up and said, "There has been a murder. Who did it?"  The idiots decided to use their new phrases, so the first one said, "Me,me,me,me,me!"  The policeman said, "What was the murder weapon?" The second idiot said, "Forks and knifes."  The policeman said, "Y'all are going to have to hang for this." The third idiot said, "Swing me first!" 
An American businesswoman had to visit UK for about 3 months on business.  She asked her husband what she should bring for the husband. "Bring me an English girl" said the husband naughtily.  "OK" said the wife.  After 3 months the husband went to the airport to pick up his wife. "Where is my English girl?" he asked.  "Well, dear, I did every possible thing I could do to get a girl for you. She would be there in about 7 months' time, but don't you blame me if it turns out to be a baby boy!" answered the wife.
Three Boy Scouts, were fishing in a boat one day when they heard a lot of commotion. They followed the sounds and found another boat capsized as a man struggled to keep his head above water. Being Boy Scouts, they went to his aid and fished the man out.   The man was Bill Clinton. The ex-president toweled himself off and caught his breath, and thanked the three scouts. He asked if there was anything he could do for them. "I'd sure like a tour of the White House," the first scout said. "Can you still pull that off?"   "No problem," said Bill. "How's next week?"   "I want to go for a ride in Air Force One," said the second scout.   "We can do that next week, too," Bill replied.   "I'd like to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery," said the third.   "I'm sure we can arrange that," said Bill. "But son, you're awfully young to be worrying about that, aren't you?"   "You don't know my Dad," the scout replied. "When he finds out I helped save your life, he's gonna kill me!"
A woman was having a medical problem - her husband snoring. She called the doctor one morning, and asked him if there was anything he could do to relieve her "suffering".  "Well, there is one operation I can perform that will cure your husband, but it is really rather expensive. It will cost $1000 down, and then payments of $450 for 24 months, plus payments for extras."  "Wow!" the woman exclaimed, "sounds like leasing a new sports car!"  "Hmmm," the doctor murmured, "too obvious, huh?"
The manager of a large city zoo was drafting a letter to order a pair of animals. He sat at his computer and typed the following sentence: "I would like to place an order for two mongooses, to be delivered at your earliest convenience."  He stared at the screen, focusing on that odd word "mongooses." Then he deleted the word and added another, so that the sentence now read: "I would like to place an order for two mongeese, to be delivered at your earliest convenience."  Again he stared at the screen, this time focusing on the new word, which seemed just as odd as the original one. Finally, he deleted the whole sentence and started all over. "Everyone knows no fully stocked zoo should be without a mongoose," he typed. "Please send us two of them."
I will not sleep...  ... not until I find a cure for my insomnia. 
If it's "I before E, except after C", then shouldn't Albert Einstein be Albert Ienstien?
Many small towns in rural Maine are too small for a town manager so they elect (select) at their town meetings "Select Persons" to do the town's business. Athens was very proud that they elected the first female Select Person. She was not a native and had recently moved from New Jersey where things were very sophisticated compared to this 130 person town.   Wanting to impress the town's people her first decision was to convince the other two Select Persons to make the main street "One Way Only", just like her home town in NJ. The biggest problem resulting from this decision however, is that everyone can go to work, they just can't get back.
"I married an Irishman on St. Patrick's Day."  "Oh, really?"  "No, O'Reilly!" 
Toe:  A part of the foot used to find furniture in the dark.
A football fan's wife says, "I hate it when my husband calls leftovers 'Replays'."   A TV Executive's wife says, "Well my husband calls them 'Reruns'."  Mortician's wife says, "Count yourselves lucky, my husband calls them remains!"
How did the Dermatologist and the Dentist afford their new mansion?   By the skin of their teeth. 
'Old' is when...  ...your sweetie says, "Lets go upstairs and make love," and you answer, "Honey, I can't do both!"  ...your friends compliment you on your new alligator shoes and you're barefoot.  ...a pretty lady catches your fancy and your pacemaker opens the garage door nearest your car.  ...you remember when the Dead Sea was only sick.  ...you don't care where your spouse goes, just as long as you don't have to go along.  ...when it takes longer to rest than to get tired.  ...when you are cautioned to slow down by the doctor instead of by the police.  ..."getting a little action" means I don't need to take any fiber today.  ..."getting lucky" means you find your car in the parking lot.  ... an "all nighter" means not getting up to pee!
At Cambridge University, a bright young student showed up for the exam and asked the proctor to bring him cakes and ale.  Proctor: I beg your pardon? Student: Sir, I request that you bring me cakes and ale. Proctor: Sorry, no. Student: Sir, I really must insist. I request and require that you bring me cakes and ale.  At this point, the student produced a copy of the four hundred-year-old Laws of Cambridge, written in Latin and still nominally in effect, and pointed to the section that read (roughly translated): "Gentlemen sitting in examinations may request and require cakes and ale."   Pepsi and hamburgers were judged the modern equivalent, and the student sat there, writing his examination and happily eating and slurping away.  Three weeks later, the student was fined five pounds for not wearing a sword to the examination.
Two skeletons were discussing their girlfriends.	 		 "I think Bonnie is cheating on me." 			 "What makes you think that?"	 		 "I don't know. I just feel it in my bones."			 
A businessman had a tiring day on the road. He checked into a hotel and, because he was concerned that the dining room might close soon, left his luggage at the front desk and went immediately to eat.  After a leisurely dinner, he reclaimed his luggage and realized that he had forgotten his room number. He went back to the desk and told the clerk on duty, "My name is Henry Davis, can you please tell me what room I am in?"  "Certainly," said the clerk. "You're in the lobby." 
Recently, a teacher, a garbage collector, and a lawyer wound up together at the Pearly Gates.  St. Peter informed them that to get into Heaven they would each have to answer one question. St. Peter addressed the teacher and asked, "What was the name of the ship that crashed into the iceberg?  They just made a movie about it."       The teacher answered quickly, "That would be the Titanic."  St. Peter let him through the gate.       St. Peter turned to the garbage man and, unable to handle the odors coming from this guy, decided to make the question a little harder. "How many people died on the ship?"       Fortunately for him, the trash man had just seen the movie.  "1,228,"  he answered.  "That's right!  You may enter."       St. Peter turned to the lawyer.  "Name them."
I wanted to tell you a joke about boxing, but I forgot the punchline.
I tried working in a muffler factory, but that was too exhausting.  
A guy goes to the doctor.   Guy: "Doc, I think I broke my arm in three places."   Doctor: "Well, don't go to those places!"
Christmas is a weird holiday. What other time of the year do you sit in front of a dead tree and eat candy out of your socks?   
A guy bought his wife a beautiful diamond ring for Christmas.  A friend of his said, "I thought she wanted one of those pretty 4-wheel drive vehicles?"  "She did," he replied, "But where in the world was I going to find a fake jeep!" 
As a young boy I asked my grandpa when the rain was going to stop. He replied with a twinkle in his eye, "If this rain keeps up... it won't come down!" 
- No flight ever leaves on time unless you are running late and need the delay to make the flight. - If you are running late for a flight, it will depart from the farthest gate in the terminal. - If you arrive very early for a flight, it inevitably will be delayed.  - Flights never leave from Gate #1 at any terminal in the world. - If you must work on your flight, you will experience turbulence just as soon as you touch pen to paper. - Only passengers seated in window seats ever have to get up to go to the washroom.  - The crying baby on board your flight is always seated next to you. - The best looking woman on your flight is never seated next to you. - The less carry-on luggage space available on an aircraft, the more carry-on luggage passengers will bring aboard 
A poultry farmer was experimenting to breed turkeys with more legs for greater profits. Finally, he succeeded. While narrating the results to his friends, he told them, "The turkey I bred had six legs!"   His friends, who had gotten quite excited, eagerly asked, "What about the taste?"  The farmer said with a long-drawn face, "I have no idea. Can't catch it." 
Smith was always tired. After a while, he became known in the office for dozing off at his desk, sometimes even several times a day. Granted, he had a good reason. His wife had just had twins and he didn't get much sleep at home. But his boss was having none of it. He told Smith that if he was caught sleeping on the job one more time, he would be fired.  That same week, the boss decided to make a surprise visit at Smith's desk, to see if the situation had improved. You can imagine what happened next, he found Smith asleep.  But Smith was a quick thinker. He woke up just in time, remained in his position and calmly delivered the following line that saved his job: "... and I especially thank you for my excellent boss. Amen." 
A man walked into a bar with a banana on his head. As he served him, the bartender said, "Look, I don't know if you realize this, but you've got a banana on your head."  "That's okay," said the man. "I always wear a banana on my head on Tuesdays."  "But today's Wednesday," said the bartender.  "It's not, is it?" groaned the man. "Oh no! I must look like a complete idiot!"
I’ll do algebra, I’ll do statistics, I’ll even do trigonometry…  But graphing, THAT is where I draw the line!
I wasn't planning on going for a run this morning, but those mall security guards came out of nowhere! 
Why did the gum cross the road?   It was stuck to the chickens foot!
Did you hear about the professional golfer who got arrested for assaulting his chauffeur? 			 All he did was take out his driver.			 
I had an uncle who drank a lot...  When he died, he was cremated.  He burned for two days.
To surprise her husband, an executive's wife stopped by his office. When she opened the door, she found him with his secretary sitting in his lap.  Without hesitating, he dictated, "And in conclusion, gentlemen, budget cuts or no budget cuts, I cannot continue to operate this office with just one chair."
My brother spent all of the “fun money” our parents had allotted halfway through his first semester at college.  He sent this text to our dad: Dear dad, no mon, no fun, your son.  Our dad replied with: Dear son, too bad, so sad, your dad.
About 90 fifth-graders piled into the airliner I was flying, on their way home from a school trip. Once we were in the air, and the crew began serving drinks, I could hear them pleading with the children to settle down and let the other passengers get some sleep.   No amount of reasoning seemed to help, until I thought of the solution that actually worked. I picked up the PA mike in the cockpit and announced, "Children, this is the captain speaking.  Don't make me stop this airplane and come back there!" 
At a company party, the staff decided to have a little fun with their boss who had a habit of playing serious practical jokes on everyone else. When he went to the restroom, he left his wallet behind. They searched through it and found his lotto ticket. They wrote down his numbers and called over the waitress to set up a little prank.  She came back half an hour later and asked if anyone wanted to know the night's lotto numbers, then proceeded to read them out loud before setting the numbers on the table. The boss looked at the numbers, then casually pulled out his wallet and compared them. He became really silent, put his wallet back in his jacket and sat down again, breathing really rapidly, and looking totally astonished.  After a couple of minutes he pulled out his wallet and lotto ticket again, and checked the numbers, very carefully. Then, he stood up on his chair and shouted out to the whole room, "I just want to let you all know something. I don't like any of you, and I have hated working for this company. You can all go to hell, 'cos I've just won loads of money, and I'm leaving!" 
Definition of Family Planning:  The art of spacing your children the proper distance apart to keep you on the edge of financial disaster.
I have a pet who is a continual source of personal annoyance and irritation.  Truth be told, he really bothers the heck out of me. 	 I named my pet, "Peeve."	 
A policeman is passing through a supermarket parking lot when he sees a car turn into a 'Handicap Parking' space with no sticker.  He pulls over as the gentlemen is getting out of his parked car.  "Ahem," He clears his throat to the man, "Sir, this is a HANDICAP spot, you know."  The man looks at him quizzically, then back to the space, then back to the officer. "Ok," he answers.  The police officer crosses his arms. "Well, what's you're handicap bub?"  He pauses to think for a minute. "Well, I can't read sir, does that count?" 
"But why can't I talk inside the library?" Al asked his mother.   "Because you have to be quiet. Noise is a distraction. The people around you can't read."  "They can't read? Then why are they in the library?"
I am not liking the man I have become...   It's not a good sign when I answer Dora before my toddler does.
A senior couple pulls up to a rest stop to get something to eat.  Waiter: "How may I help you?"  Elderly Man: "Two hamburgers, please."  Elderly Lady: "What did he say?"  Elderly Man (yelling): "He asked what we wanted and I told him 'Two hamburgers'!"  Waiter: "So, where are you heading?"  Elderly Man: "To Chicago to see our grandchildren."  Elderly Lady: "What did he say?"  Elderly Man (yelling): "He asked where we're going. I told him we're going to see the grandkids!"  Waiter: "It sure is a nice day for a drive."  Elderly Man: "Yes, it's been quite pleasant."  Elderly Lady: "What did he say?"  Elderly Man (yelling): "He said it's good weather!"  Waiter: "Where are you coming from?"  Elderly Man: "We started our trip from Pittsburgh."  Elderly Lady: "What did he say?"  Elderly Man (yelling): "He asked where we're from and I said Pittsburgh!"  Waiter: "I dated a girl from Pittsburgh once. She wouldn't shut up and couldn't cook if her life depended on it."  Elderly Lady: "What did he say?"  Elderly Man (yelling): "He says he knows you!"
Jim: My older brother Dave crashed his car into a tree going forty miles an hour.   Troy: Wow! I didn't know trees could move that fast!
"Why is Dad never home?" the 16 year old girl asked her mother.  "Well, dear, he has taken a second job so that you can have iPads, mobile phone, a TV in your room, club memberships, cosmetics, trendy clothes . . . he does it all for you, so his beautiful girl doesn't miss out on a thing."  "Wow," the teenager replied thoughtfully. "That's really very selfish of him, isn't it?"
A grandfather was going by his little granddaughter's room one night when he saw her kneeling beside her bed, with head bowed and hands folded, repeating the alphabet.  "What are you doing?" he asked her.  She explained, "I'm saying my prayers, but I couldn't think of just what I wanted to say. So I'm just saying all the letters of the alphabet, and God can put them together however he thinks best."  
 Hammer - In ancient times a hammer was used to inflict pain on one's enemies. Modern hammers are used to inflict pain on oneself.  Pliers - A device used to extend your reach the necessary few inches when you drop a one-of-a-kind screw down behind the new wall it took you two weeks to install.  Multi-Pliers - Contain a handy assortment of sharp and dangerous tools. Best left in its leather sheath and worn on a homeowners belt to increase testosterone levels.  Electronic Stud Finder - An annoying device that never goes off when you point it at yourself.  Halogen Light - A work-light that lights up your backyard with the incandescence of a football stadium, causing you to cast a heavy shadow over the area you're working on so that you need to use a flashlight anyway.  Cordless Drill - A device that lessens your chance of electrocution 90% over a standard plug-in tool.  Cell Phone - The handyman's 911.  Chain Saw - Allows you to cut your way out of the shed that you accidentally built completely around yourself.  Vise Grips - A pair of helping hands that doesn't critique the job you're doing or offer advice.
Tom & Jane just got married and moved into an apartment in New York City filling it with all of the precious items they received as wedding gifts. One day, they received in the mail two tickets for a popular show in the city, with a single line written on the envelope: "Guess who sent them."  Jacob and Mindy assumed that it was a belated wedding present and while they enjoyed the show immensely, they spent the whole evening trying to figure out who the tickets were from.  On their return home from the show, Jacob and Mindy were met with a disastrous sight: their apartment had been stripped of every one of their wedding presents, every article of value in the apartment. And on the bare table in the dining-room was a piece of paper on which was written a note on an envelope: "Now you know!"  
The six year old asked his grandpa how old he was. Grandpa decided to have some fun and replied, "I really don't know."  The boy said, "Why don't your look in your underwear?"  "Why would I do that?" he replied in wonder.  "Well mine says 4 to 6 and I am six years old."
Better save that. We'll need it for the autopsy.  Bo! Bo! Come back with that! Bad Dog!  There go the lights again...  Ya know, there's big money in kidneys - and this guy's got two of'em.  That's cool! Now can you make his leg twitch?!  This patient has already had some kids, am I correct?  Uh Oh! Page 47 is missing!
Raining cats and dogs today...  Stepping into many poodles as I'm walking towards the bus stop.
Following a major hurricane, a man worked long hours clearing the jumble of trees that littered his family property. The longer he worked, however, the more painful it became for him to move his right arm.  He repeatedly ignored his wife's pleas to see the doctor until one night he yelped, "Ow! This is getting serious. I need to go see a doctor"  His wife then turned to him in concern. He added, "Now it hurts to push buttons on the remote control." 
How do seedless grapes reproduce?
A tired and frustrated wife arrived home late from work and quietly entered the master bedroom where she saw four sets of feet hanging over the end of the bed. Furious, she grabbed an umbrella and began to hit the covers hearing groans from underneath them.  Exhausted she goes down the stairs to the kitchen for a stiff drink where she is shocked to see her husband standing in the kitchen.  "Your mom and dad arrived unexpectedly, so I gave them our room. Did you say hello?"
A waiter brings the customer the steak he ordered, with his thumb over the meat.  "Are you crazy?" yells the customer. "What's with your hand on my steak?"  "Sorry," answers the waiter, "I don’t want it to fall on the floor again."
I'm kind of tired of being an amateur crastinater...    I'm thinking of turning pro, but I'm going to put that decision off for awhile.	 
 An effusive client brought a litter of puppies to my veterinary clinic for inoculations and worming. She loved them so much, she couldn't keep from remarking about their cute habits.  As the look-alike pups squirmed over and under one another in their box, I realized it would be difficult to tell the treated ones from the rest. I turned on the water faucet, wet my fingers, and moistened each dog's head when I had finished.  After the fourth puppy, I noticed my talkative client had grown silent. As I sprinkled the last pup's head, the woman leaned forward and whispered, "I never realized they had to be baptized."
Today I turned on the television and saw commercials...  Every now and then they were interrupted by some Olympics coverage.
On my birthday I got a really funny card. It joked about how our bodies might be getting older, but our minds remain "tarp as shacks."  I wanted to thank the person who sent it, but I can't. They forgot to sign the card. 
God looks down and notices that Adam is all alone while all the animals have companions, so he decides to create a companion for man as well.   He comes to see Adam and says to him, "Adam, you are my greatest creation and therefore, I am going to create for you the ultimate companion. She will long for you and no other, she will be highly intelligent, she will wait on you hand and foot and obey your every command. She will be beautiful and all it will cost you is an arm and a leg."  Thinking for a few moments, Adam replies, "What can I get for a rib?"
Two skydivers, Harold and Lester,  jumped out of the plane and were having a conversation on the way down.	 								 Lester: "I was in a hurry this morning, and I can't remember if I asked you to pack my chute for me." Harold: "I've been pretty forgetful myself. I'm lucky I remembered to pack mine."									  Lester: "Wait a minute. You mean I forget to ask you to pack my chute for me?"									 Harold: "No, silly. You didn't forget to ask me to pack your chute. I'm the one who actually forgot to pack your chute!" 									 Lester: "Phew! Thank goodness, for a minute there I thought I was losing my mind!"									 
What musical note do you hear when you drop a piano down a mine shaft?  A flat minor!
A Sunday school teacher was teaching her class about the difference between right and wrong. "All right children, let's take another example," she said. "If I were to get into a man's pocket and take his wallet with all his money, what would I be?"  Little Johnny raised his hand, and with a confident smile, he blurts out, "You'd be his wife or girlfriend!" 
A delinquent student returns a book to the library, bangs it on the counter and yells, “I read this entire novel! It is badly written with different handwritings, contains too many names of people and no story at all. Take your book and note that I would not pay any fine for late return!"   The Librarian looks up and responds, “Idiot, so you are the one who took the Attendance book?"
The kings sent out explorers in search of new lands and treasures.  Upon conclusion of a grand find they’d dispatch messages via carrier pigeon to the castle palace promptly  informing the king.   Caravans traveled north, south, east and west. One day these intrepid explorers came upon villages that all had something rare and exotic in common. Each village had a delicate and supple food called smoked ham. The kings men were delighted for they had never tasted such a delicacy.   This was such great news each caravan decided to send all of their carrier pigeons at once. They wanted to insure these messages of grandeur found their mark.  The pouches carried by the royal pigeons were filled with bits and pieces of this remarkable substance.   Suddenly the skies became darkened around the castle as hordes of carrier pigeons flooded the palace with massive amount of messages all at once. This angered the king, it was the first time he’d ever been spammed.  
The Feron psychiatric hospital was also a teaching and research institute. Today marked the first day of a new semester. After the students arrived in class, Professor McDoogle introduced herself. She then said, "Please take out a blank sheet of paper and write down you’re deepest thoughts concerning this question: How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?"  The students seemed to be rather puzzled and some even started to giggle a little bit.  This was swiftly ended by a stern word from the teacher explaining this paper would result in a third of their grade. She went on to say it may be the most important object lesson they’ll ever learn during their education process. Realizing this was serious and must hold profound meaning far beyond the questions exterior. At this the students began to bare down and search for a solution with great veracity.   Forty five minutes later the students were producing pages of written dialog. Each thought seemed to pose deeper and more complex avenues of discovery as their quest intensified in epic proportion. Just then an orderly poked his head into the classroom.   "There you are, Mrs. McDoogle, we’ve been worried about you. I see you’ve been switching class room numbers again!"
A woman made an appointment with a divorce attorney. The first thing he asked was why she wanted a divorce. She replied, "I’m not appreciated anymore and my husband even tells me I’m not a good house keeper."  The attorney replied, "Oh don’t worry, you’ll keep the house." 
Dad, why is mother so forgetful?  My friend Bobby is from Buffalo, when I asked mom where I came from she said I need to talk with you. 
A guy was gazing at the stars through his binoculars when his wife came out in a new dress. She asked if it made her hips look smaller. He paused for a second, turned his binoculars around, and then looked at her. "I’ve got some good news honey, you’ve never looked better." 
Stand-Up Comedian: "You should have seen my show last night. It was standing room only." 						 Stand-Up Comedian's Friend: "Oh yeah? You were that good?"	 					 Stand-Up Comedian: "That, and the fact that some thieves stole all the chairs out of the club the night before."						 
This is the best weight loss diet...  If it taste good, spit it out! 
Definition of Clothes Dryer: An appliance designed to eat socks.
When the actress saw her first strands of gray hair, she thought she'd dye! 
If the professor on Gilligan's Island can make a radio out of a coconut, why couldn't he fix a hole in a boat?  And...  Why did Ginger and Mary Ann have tons of clothes with them when they were supposed to be on a "three hour tour?"
A mother and daughter were reading tea leaves in the bottom of their cups during lunch. Wanting to get attention the little brother said, "that’s nothing" as he flung spaghetti on the wall.  He told his mother and sister that spaghetti was a much more reliable source for reading the future.   The mother took a close look at the spaghetti as it slid down the wall. She said, "I think you’re right, do you see that noodle? It’s telling me you’ll be grounded for a week." 
What did the turkey say to the chicken on Thanksgiving?  You're clucky, you're not a turkey.
The topic for my third-grade class was genetics. Smiling broadly, I pointed to my dimples and asked, “What trait do you think I passed on to my children?”  One student called out, “Wrinkles!” 
Never discuss your personal business with bank tellers.   Why?   Because they're tellers!
Why couldn't the poet get a bank loan?  Because he already "ode" too much.
A good old boy at the bar is always telling life stories. The time he spent five years here and ten years there. He’s been to many remote places like the Amazon living with natives and such. He’s been telling stories like this for years and the more he drinks the better the stories become!   I was curious as to how much time this amazing man has spent living a life others would only dream of.  After adding it up, I have to admit he sure looks good for a man who has to be at least 130 years old.  
While traveling north to downtown I noticed police were stopping cars going south for sobriety checks.   At the end of the night, after one too many drinks, I headed home going south and took the bus which the police waved right through.  The next morning my neighbor called me and asked, "What is that BUS doing in your driveway?"
I saw a commercial on late night TV. It said, "Forget everything you know about slipcovers."   So I did. And it was a load off my mind. Then the commercial tried to sell me slipcovers, but I didn't know what they were.
What has eight wheels but carries only one passenger?  A pair of roller skates.
A young man joined the military. Soon after he got to boot camp he realized he’d made a big mistake. It must have taken a toll on him because soon enough the stress of boot camp had pushed the young man over the edge.   The recruit started riding a pretend motor scooter making motor sounds and beeping a pretend horn. The military decided to discharge the young man due to his instability. As the young man was leaving the base for the last time he rode his pretend motor scooter. When he got to the front gate he stopped and put down the pretend kick stand.   He turned off the pretend key and started to walk away. The guard said, "Hey, what about your motor scooter?"  The young man replied, "I only needed it to get me out of here, it’s all yours."
I was getting ready to go to choir practice when I heard my dad say, "Don't forget a bucket."  Confused, I replied, "A bucket? Why?"   “You’ll need something to help you carry a tune."
Q.  What was Adam and Eve's address after they were thrown out the Garden of Eden?  A.  281 Apple
The water department staff said they would be fluid in answering all mystifying questions asked at a recent meeting.
What do you get when you cross a elephant with a rhino?   Hellifiknow
Definitions...                                                   MARRIAGE:  It's an agreement wherein a man loses his bachelor degree and a woman gains her masters.  LECTURE:  An art of transmitting Information from the notes of the lecturer to the notes of students without passing through the minds of either.  CONFERENCE:  The confusion of one man multiplied by the number present.  COMPROMISE:  The art of dividing a cake in such a way that everybody believes he got the biggest piece.  TEARS:  The hydraulic force by which masculine will power is defeated by feminine water-power!  DICTIONARY:  A place where divorce comes before marriage.   CONFERENCE ROOM:  A place where everybody talks, nobody listens and everybody disagrees later on.  CLASSIC:  A book which people praise, but never read.  SMILE:  A curve that can set a lot of things straight!  OFFICE:  A place where you can relax after your strenuous home life.  ETC:  A sign to make others believe that you know more than you actually do.  COMMITTEE:  Individuals who can do nothing individually and sit to decide that nothing can be done together.  EXPERIENCE:  The name men give to their mistakes.  ATOM BOMB:  An invention to bring an end to all inventions.  DIPLOMAT:  A person who tells you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.  OPPORTUNIST:  A person who starts taking bath if he accidentally falls into a river.  MISER:  A person who lives poor so that he/she can die rich.  CRIMINAL:  A guy no different from the other, unless he gets caught.  BOSS:  Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early.  POLITICIAN:  One who shakes your hand before elections and then shakes your confidence later.  DOCTOR:  A person who kills your ills by pills, and then kills you by his bills.
Guy walks into bar, pulling on a long chain.  The bartender asks him, "You come in here everyday pulling that chain, why?"  The guy replies, "You ever tried to push one?"
To some, marriage is a word...  To others, it's a sentence.
The receptionist at Howard University answers the phone:  "Good morning, Howard U."
It was an emotional day for me when my six-year-old twins headed off for their first day of school. Four-year-old Andrew and I accompanied them to the corner to wait for the bus. When it arrived and the boys climbed on and waved good-bye, I could no longer hold back my tears.   "Don't cry, Mommy," said Andrew reassuringly. "Maybe one day you'll get to ride in a school bus too!" 
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A baker stopped making donuts because he got tired of the hole thing.
A high school girl, seated next to a famous astronomer at a dinner party, struck up a conversation with him by asking, “What do you do in life?”  He replied, “I study astronomy.”  “Dear me,” said the girl. “I finished astronomy last year.”
Reporter interviewing a 105-year-old lady....  "What is the best thing about being 105?" the reporter asked.  The old lady replied, "No peer pressure."
Sometimes when I'm driving, I know I want to change lanes. I'm just not sure which lane I want. So I turn on my hazard lights.  I may be going left, I may be going right ... either way, you have been warned.
There was a sticker on a loaf of bread that said, 'baked fresh for over 50 years.'  So THAT'S how long it takes to bake fresh bread...
Our pastor, an avid golfer, was once taking part in a local tournament. As he was preparing to tee off, the organizer of the tournament approached him and pointed to the dark, threatening storm clouds, which were gathering around.  "Preacher," the organizer said, "I trust you'll see to it that the weather won't turn bad on us?"  Our pastor shook his head. "Sorry," he replied. "I'm sales, not management!"
A wife once gave her husband the silent treatment for an entire week. She didn't say anything, she just put it into practice. She was hoping it would make him be more attentive to her and to their marriage.  At the end of the week she decided to bring up subject. "You notice anything different about us this past week?"  Without missing a beat, and without having a clue either, he replied.  “Yeah, we’re getting along pretty great lately!”
A cowboy adopted a dachshund...    ... So he could get a long little doggie.
The young man comes running into the store and says to his buddy, "Tommy, somebody just stole your pickup truck from the parking lot!'  Tommy reacts, "Did you see who it was?"  The young man answers, "No, I couldn't tell... but I did get his license plate number!"
I tried wrapping Christmas presents, but I don't have the gift for it.
Little Johnny is always being teased by the other neighborhood boys for being stupid. Their favorite trick is to offer Johnny his choice between a nickel and a dime. Little Johnny always takes the nickel.   One day, after Johnny takes the nickel, a neighbor takes him aside and says, "Johnny, those boys are making fun of you. Don't you know that a dime is worth more than the nickel, even though the nickel's bigger?"  Johnny answers, "Well if I took the dime, they'd stop doing it, and so far I've made $20!"
Yo momma so fat, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food! 
Q: How did Irish dancing get started?  A: Too much Guinness and not enough restrooms!  
Teacher: "Kids, what does the fluffy chicken give you?"  Students: "Eggs!"  Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pink pig give you?"  Students: "Bacon!"  Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?"  Students: "Homework!" 
I just bought a brand new chess set at a pawn shop.
The passenger tapped the cab driver on the shoulder to ask him something. The driver screamed, lost control of the car, nearly hit a bus, went up on the sidewalk, and stopped inches from a shop window.  For a second everything went quiet in the cab, then the driver said, "Look mister, don't ever do that again. You scared the daylights out of me!"  The passenger apologized and said he didn't realize that a little tap could scare him so much.  The driver replied, "You're right. I'm sorry, it's not really your fault.  Today is my first day as a cab driver. I've been driving a hearse for the last 25 years".
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?  He's all right now.
When I arrived for my daughter’s parent-teacher conference, the teacher seemed a bit flustered, especially when she started telling me that my little girl didn’t always pay attention in class and was sometimes a little flighty.   “For example, she’ll do the wrong page in the workbook,” the teacher explained, “and I’ve even found her sitting in the wrong desk.”  “I don’t understand that,” I replied defensively. “Where could she have gotten that?”  The teacher went on to reassure me that my daughter was still doing fine in school and was sweet and likable. Finally, after a pause, she added, “By the way, Mrs. Johnson, our appointment was for tomorrow.”
Two friends were walking home after a party and decided to take a shortcut through the cemetery just for laughs. Right in the middle of the cemetery they were startled by a tap-tap-tapping noise coming from the misty shadows.  Trembling with fear, they found an old man with a hammer and chisel, chipping away at one of the headstones.  "Holy cow, Mister," one of them said after catching his breath. "You scared us half to death -- we thought you were a ghost! What are you doing working here so late at night?"  "Those fools!" the old man grumbled. "They misspelled my name!" 
A judge convicted and sentenced a man to serve five consecutive life terms in prison. When the judge asked if there was anything he wanted to help pass the time, the man replied... A Perpetual Calendar!
A toothless termite goes to the local tavern and says, "Is the bar tender here?"
Due to increasing products liability litigation, beer manufacturers have accepted the FDA's suggestion that the following warning labels be placed immediately on all beer containers:  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may make you think you are whispering when you are not.  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a fool.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may cause you to tell the same boring story over and over again until your friends want to SMASH YOUR HEAD IN.  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may cause you to thay shings like thish.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe that ex-lovers are really dying for you to telephone them at four in the morning.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may leave you wondering what the hell happened to your pants.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may make you think you can logically converse with other members of the opposite sex without spitting.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may make you think you have mystical Kung Fu powers.  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may cause you to roll over in the morning and see something really scary (whose species and or name you can't remember).   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol is the leading cause of inexplicable rug burns on the forehead.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may create the illusion that you are tougher, smarter and more handsome than some really, really big guy named FRANZ.  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe you are invisible.   WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are laughing WITH you.  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may cause an influx in the time-space continuum,  whereby small (and sometimes large) gaps of time may seem to literally disappear.  WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may actually CAUSE pregnancy.
Yo momma is hairy she goes as a werewolf every Halloween.
During the mating season a whale couple was trying to get a pregnancy started. They were interrupted by a whaling ship that tried to capture them. They resorted to running away and hiding behind a reef but the whaling ship kept looking for them.   The male whale got upset and said "This is too much. We are going to retaliate. I have a plan", he told his mate. "Let's swim under the whaling ship and with our blow holes blow hard and make boat rock. When the sailors fall into the ocean, we can swim up and gobble them up? What do you think?" he asked.   She looked a bit bored and said, "Well, I don't mind the blowing but I won't swallow any seamen."
Little Johnny is constantly late for school and what's worse is that he always has a big lie explaining why.  The teacher tells the principal that she has had it with his exaggerations.    The principal tells her to send Johnny to him the next time he shows up late. He will tell Johnny a lie so big that he will never tell another one. Ever. The next day, Johnny shows up two hours late.    Johnny says, "I was two hours early today so I had time to fish in the pond on my way to school. I caught a 17-pound trout and had to take it home. If I didn't clean it and freeze it, my mom would've been angry. That's why I'm so late".   The teacher promptly takes him to the principal's office and explains the story to the principal. The principal tells Johnny about his own trip to school that day.  He says, "I was walking to school through the park on the trail today when I heard something behind me. I turned around and was shocked to see a giant grizzly bear behind me. He was 24 feet tall and had 6-inch fangs. He was going to eat me, Johnny! Just then a little dog ran out from the bushes, jumped up and attacked the bear. The little dog killed the bear and then ate the whole bear right there in front of me. What do you think of that, Johnny?"   Johnny replies, "Oh yeah, that's my dog Sparky. That's his third bear this week." 
Did you about the Antartian who said he would give his right arm to be ambidextrous?
What kind of fish do dogs catch?  Catfish!
Last night I was going threw some paper work when I ran across my birth certificate.  Looking at the bottom of the certificate in fine print it read-- Made in the USA -- limited lifetime warranty.
An Antartian is standing in front of a pop machine repeatedly putting in money and taking out the sodas.  Finally, the person waiting in line behind her gets impatient and asks, "Ma'am, what are you doing?"  The Antartian replies, "Duh, I'm winning!"
Yo Momma so ugly that she's is the reason for birth control ads.
When I was young, I was assigned a book report on any book of my choosing.  So I read the phone book and for my report I wrote, "This book hasn't much of a plot, but it does have a lot of characters!"
There was a lady going to the bathroom.  As she was on her way, 2 students followed her eagerly to ask a question.  As she was entering the bathroom one of the students asked her: "Is this your office Ma'am?"  She answered: "My office is the other way, this is my other office"
A man was walking to steal something from a warehouse but the security guard heard footsteps and screamed "HALT! WHO GOES THERE?" then he was surprised to hear a voice scream, "Shoot it i hate pop quizzes!"
A preacher and his two deacons go hunting and they all come upon this huge buck, all wanting to brag about their success they all shoot at it, it falls dead they all walk up to it and the game warden walks up and the deacon says how do we know which one of us shot him?  The game warden says I do the preacher did, it went in one ear and out the other
Yo mama so fat when she dropped in the ocean Spain wanted to claim her as a new land.
Why can't leopards play hide and seek? They always get spotted.
Johnny entered class and was surprised by a pop quiz for which he was not prepared.  He answered all ten questions with, "Only God knows."  Grade: God 100 - Johnny  0 
Why do they call going to the bathroom "taking a dump" when you're actually giving it and not taking it?
How Long is a Chinese name
If Moses would have swallowed his pride and asked for directions, it probably would have taken them 40 years to cross the desert.
Girl: Baby I want to ask you something.  Boy: Ask me for anything, I will do it for you, you are my heaven and earth.  Girl: Can u kill a lion 4 me?  Boy: Are u sick? How can I kill a lion for you? Please ask for something else.  Girl: OK, let me go through the messages on your phone.  Boy: hmmmmm. Where is the lion you want me to kill?
An English lady, while visiting Switzerland, was looking for a room, and she asked the schoolmaster if he could recommend any to her. He took her to see several rooms, and when everything was settled, the lady returned to her home to make the final preparations to move.  When she arrived home, the thought suddenly occurred to her that she had not seen a “W.C.” (water closet, a euphemism for toilet) around the place. So she immediately wrote a note to the schoolmaster asking him if there were a “W.C.” around. The (Swiss) schoolmaster was a very poor student of English, so he asked the (Swiss) parish priest if he could help in the matter. Together they tried to discover the meaning of the letters “W.C.,” and the only solution they could find for the letters was “Wayside Chapel.” The schoolmaster then wrote to the English lady the following note:  Dear Madam,  I take great pleasure in informing you that the W.C. is situated nine miles from the house you occupy, in the center of a beautiful grove of pine trees surrounded by lovely grounds. It is capable of holding 229 people and it is open on Sunday and Thursday only. As there are a great number of people and they are expected during the summer months, I would suggest that you come early: although there is plenty of standing room as a rule. You will no doubt be glad to hear that a good number of people bring their lunch and make a day of it; while others who can afford to go by car arrive just in time. I would especially recommend that your ladyship go on Thursday when there is a musical accompaniment. It may interest you to know that my daughter was married in the W.C. and it was there that she met her husband. I can remember the rush there was for seats. There were ten people to a seat ordinarily occupied by one. It was wonderful to see the expression on their faces. The newest attraction is a bell donated by a wealthy resident of the district. It rings every time a person enters. A bazaar is to be held to provide plush seats for all the people, since they feel it is a long felt need. My wife is rather delicate, so she can’t attend regularly. I shall be delighted to reserve the best seat for you if you wish, where you will be seen by all. For the children, there is a special time and place so that they will not disturb the elders. Hoping to have been of service to you, I remain.  Sincerely,  The Schoolmaster  
A man was driving when he saw the flash of a traffic camera. He figured that his picture had been taken for exceeding the speed limit, even though he knew that he was not speeding...  Just to be sure, he went around the block and passed the same spot, driving even more slowly, but again the camera flashed. Now he began to think that this was quite funny, so he drove even slower as he passed the area again, but the traffic camera again flashed. He tried a fourth time with the same result. He did this a fifth time and was now laughing when the camera flashed as he rolled past, this time at a snail's pace...  Two weeks later he got five tickets in the mail for driving without a seat belt.
Alex had a terrible day fishing on the lake, sitting in the blazing sun all day without catching a single one. On his way home, he stopped at the fishmonger and ordered four rainbow trout. He told the fishmonger, "Pick four large ones out and throw them at me, will you?"  "Why do you want me to throw them at you?'" Asked the salesman. "So that I am able to tell my wife, in all honesty, that I caught them." said Alex.  "Okay, but I suggest that you take the salmon."  "Why's that?"  "Because your wife came in earlier today and said that if you came by, I should tell you to take salmon. That's what she'd like for supper tonight." replied the fishmonger with a grin.
Did you see the Russell Crowe movie about the cannibal who ate his mother-in-law?  What? You don't remember that one?  It came out in 2000 and was titled Gladiator.  (glad he ate her). 
How do you stop an elephant from charging?  Take away his credit card .
Q: Why did Cain have no faith?  A: Because he wasn't Abel
Q: How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?  A: One. You got a problem with that?
David was a new golfer, who had taken to the game so deeply that he lost all track of time. As almost a commandment, when David went out to play golf, he was always late coming home by three or more hours. Needless to say, Grace his wife, suffered as well as she could, but every once in a while she threw a fit because of his broken time to be home promises.   It was Sunday afternoon and David was heading out the door for the golf course. Grace nailed him before he got out the door and reminded him that her sister and husband would be there that evening for supper at 7PM . Dave saw no problem with this and swore to Grace that he would be home by 6PM. Well in time to meet his sister-in-law. Grace made him promise several times and Dave swore he would be home by 6.   Grace started looking out the door at 5:30 and saw no sign of Dave. 6PM, Dave's, promised time of arrival came and still no Dave had arrived. Minutes passed and at 6:30 the guests arrived. Grace served cocktails and started burning under the collar.   Dinner was served late at 8PM and still no Dave. Grace was thinking of good divorce lawyers. When 10:30 arrived the guests left and Grace sat down in the living room to have a good cry.   At 11:15 Dave walked through the door, sat his clubs in the corner and sat down with his wife. "Such a golf game I had. On the second hole, Irving dropped dead. After that it was terrible. Hit the ball, drag Irving. Hit the ball, drag Irving. Hit the ball, drag Irving... 
Question: How many buckets does it takes to empty a bath?  Answer: None, just pull the cork.
Behold it is written in the book of February.  Chapter 14  Verse 1  And it shall come to pass that on val's day, excuses shall arise again: my battery died, my credit got finished, my DP refused to change, my boss selected me for the trip, traffic jams etc...   When thou seeth this signs, be calm, fearthou not, keep thy peace and know that verily verily... thou art not thy boo's boo, thou art a side chick.  Verse 2  Even when you receive gifts, calls, or were taken out. Remember my dear daughter that all will end on the bed.  Verse 3  Blessed is the boy that bothers not himself 4 any girl 4 peace I will grant to him.  Verse 4  Hear ye hear ye For girls so love February 14 that they gave their only begotten dignity in exchange for a date, but know ye that who so ever doesn't make that mistake shall not have the fear of 9 month assignment.
Q. Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?  A.  Because she will Let It Go!
A straight eyed and cross eyed guy bump into each other, and the cross eyed guy said to the straight eyed guy.   “Why don’t you look where you are going?"  The straight eyed guy responded to the cross eyed guy.  “Why don’t you go where you are looking?" 
Q: What do aardvarks have that no other animal have?   A: Baby Aardvarks
A city feller was out driving in the mountains when around a curve a large mountain man stepped out and flagged him down. The city feller stopped, the mountain man got in and pulled a jar out of his coat pocket and said here take a pull out of this. The city feller said no thanks. The mountain man said no go ahead take a swig. The city feller again refused and said no I'm good. The mountain man now quite sternly demanded, I said take a drink, when the city feller once more refused the mountain man pulled a large horse pistol out of his pocket, pointed it at the city feller and roared, I said take a drink. The city feller said alright hand her here. He proceeded to take a healthy swig and for about 5 minutes he couldn't breathe, hear or see. When he finally got his wits about him, he asked the mountain man, how you can drink that stuff anyhow? The mountain man replied, I can't hardly, now you hold the gun on me and make me take a drink.
On which side does a Zebra have more stripes?  On the outside.
A fourth-grade teacher was giving her pupils a lesson in logic.  "Here is the situation," she said.  "A man is standing up in a boat in the middle of a river, fishing. He loses his balance, falls in, and begins splashing and yelling for help. His wife hears the commotion, knows he can't swim, and runs down to the bank. Why do you think she ran to the bank?"  A girl raised her hand and asked,  "To draw out all his savings?"
Teacher: OK, Little Johnny, point to the USA on the map.  Little Johnny: OK! Little Johnny points to the USA.  Teacher: Great job, Johnny! Now, who discovered the USA?  Little Johnny: I did!
Take five female pigs,  and put them with five male deer.  You would have ten sows and bucks!
A woman was notified that her grandmother just passed away and left her a big inheritance.  The instruction were, "My dear I left you some money but you need to log on to this account I had set up for you with my bank. The money should be right there in the CD I had set up. But you need a computer in order to get your money."  The granddaughter was excited and went to her home computer and logged on to the account. She was sad that after 10 minutes of waiting she did not see the money coming out from the CD-ROM insert. Her husband came home to see his wife sitting in front of the computer with a very sad face. He asked his wife, "What's the matter my lovely wife I thought you would be happy to received that kind of inheritance?"   The wife replied, "I would if the dang computer would just spit the money out."
Why are lawyers liable to go to hell?  They are so full of lies it makes the devil blush.
Two Irishmen, Murphy, and O'Brien grew up in the same village together.  They were friends all their lives, married a pair of sisters, and lived just down the street from one another.   But now, Murphy had cancer and was lying on his deathbed, surrounded by his friends.  He calls, "O'Brian, come 'ere O'Brien. I 'ave a request for ye." O'Brien walks to his friend's bedside and kneels down.   "O'Brien, we've been friends all our lives, and now I'm dying 'ere. I 'ave one last request fir ye to do."   O'Brien bursts into tears, "Anything Murphy, anything ye wish. It's done."   "Well, under my bed is a box containing a bottle of the finest whiskey in all of Ireland. Bottled the year I was born it was. After I die, and they plant me in the ground, I want you to pour that fine whiskey over me grave so it might soak into my bones and I'll be able to enjoy it for all eternity."   O'Brian was overcome by the beauty and true Irish spirit of his friend's request. "Aye, tis a fine thing you ask of me, and I will pour the whiskey.  But, might I strain it through my kidneys first?"
The pet shop in my town is advertising free chips with every cat.  Me being the funny guy I am, I decided to take their sign and put it outside the Chinese Restaurant.
A Student wanting to measure something asks his teacher, "Sir, do you have a ruler?"  "Yes," answers the teacher, "She's at home watching the kids."
A mother and father named their child "Odd". Because of his unfortunate name, poor Odd had the worst life you could imagine.  In school, he was always picked on and had trouble making friends. In college he never fit in and struggled to gain the respect of his peers. In life he drifted from job to job, unable to find steady work. He never found the love of his life and lived a lonely bachelor.  And so one day Odd decided he couldn't go on anymore and took his own life. In his suicide note he demanded that his grave be a blank headstone with no mention of his name, so that he could be completely and utterly forgotten.  And yet every time someone walks past his grave, they see his wordless stone and go, "That's odd..."
How did the chicken cross the road?  On a wing and a prayer.
A guy asked his very good friend if you could stop over to his place and spend a little time working on his computer.  His friend agreed and turned the system on. When he turned on the PC he had an unpleasant surprise.  He asked: ”Why is the display completely black?”  His friend answered: ”The PC is mourning his video card...”
Teacher: If today is Christmas Eve, what is the day after Christmas?  A student quickly replied, Christmas Adam! 
A man went to apply for a job. After filling out all of his applications he waited anxiously for the outcome. The employer read all his applications & said,   "We have an opening for people like you."   "Oh, great," the man said, "What is it?"   "It's called the door!".  
You are a lousy cook if...  Your family automatically heads for the table every time they hear a fire siren.  Anyone has ever broken a tooth eating your homemade yogurt.  Your kids know what "peas porridge in a pot nine days old" tastes like.  Your son goes outside to make mud pies, the rest of the family grabs forks and follows him.  Your kids' favorite drink is Alka-Seltzer.  You have to buy 25 pounds of dog food twice a week for your toy poodle.  Your kids got even with the neighborhood bully by inviting him over for dinner.  Your husband refers to the smoke detector as the oven timer.  No matter what you do to it the gravy still turns bright purple.
A Soviet journalist walks into the hospital and tells the desk nurse, "I want to see the Eye/Ear doctor."  "There is no such doctor " she tells him. "Perhaps you would like to see someone else?"  "No, I need to see an eye-ear doctor," he says.  "But there is no such doctor," she replies. "We have doctors for the eyes and doctors for the ear, nose and throat, but no eye-ear doctor."  He repeats, "I want to see the eye-ear doctor."  They go around like this for a few minutes and then the nurse says: "Comrade, there is no eye-ear doctor, but if there were one, why would you want to see him?"  "Because," he replies, "I keep hearing one thing and seeing another."
Question What is love and explain in details ? (16 Marks)  Arts Student: Answer: Love is life. (Marks : 5 out of 16)  Law Student: Answer : Love is pain. (Marks : 5 out of 16)  Medical Student:  Answer : Love is god. (Marks : 5 out of 16)  EngineeringStudent: Answer :  - Definition: A serious disorder of heart due to relationship between men & women that can cause death of 1 or both depending on the resistance associated.  - TYPES: 1 sided & 2 sided  - AGE: Usually occurs in teenagers but nowadays can be found in any age.  - SYMPTOMS: Tension Daydreaming Insomnia Phone Addiction  - DIAGNOSIS BY: Diary Photos Mobile  - TREATMENT: Anti-LOVE therapy by Father's Shoe or Mother's Sandal.  (marks 16 out of 16 ) - Excellent! ______________________ NOTE :-  Don't ask engineering students, they can stretch any thing for 16 marks!
Little Johnny's dad drove Johnny to boarding school and leaves him there. For the following week however, Johnny misses school.  When Johnny returned to school the next week the teacher asks Johnny why he had missed class for a week. Johnny replied that his dad passed away and he had to attend to his funeral.  The following week, Johnny's dad comes to visit Johnny at school and was directed to Johnny's classroom. While at the door, Johnny's dad knocks and says “Excuse me sir, I am here to see my son, Johnny. I am his dad."  Teacher surprised and confused asks, "Are you Johnny's real dad? I thought Johnny's father had passed away?" Johnny's Father is confused.  The teacher realized what was going on. So he quickly turns to the class and calls out “Johnny, your dead father is here to see you."  Johnny's heart beats faster and he grows small, but looks up to the teacher and whispers "How the heck did he came back alive."
At the outpatient surgery center where I work, the anesthesiologist often chatted with patients before their operations to help them relax.  One day he thought he recognized a woman as a co-worker at the VA hospital where he had trained. When the patient confirmed that his hunch was correct, he said, "So, tell me, is the food still as bad there as it used to be?"  "Well," she replied, "I'm still cooking it."
A man playing on a new golf course got confused as to what hole he was on. He saw a lady playing ahead of him. He walked up to her and asked if she knew what hole he was playing. She replied, "I'm on the 7th hole,and you're a hole behind me, so you must be on the 6th hole." He thanked her and went back to his golf.  On the back nine, the same thing happened, and he approached the lady again with the same request. She said, "I'm on the 14th, you are a hole behind me, so you must be on the 13th." Once again he thanked her.  He finished his round and went into the club house and saw the lady sitting at the end of the bar. He went up to her and said, "Let me buy you a drink to show my appreciation for your help."  He started a conversation and asked her what kind of work she did. She said she was in sales, and he said he was in sales also. He asked what she sold.  She replied, "If I told you, you would only laugh." "No, I wouldn't," he said. She said, "I sell tampons." With that he fell on the floor laughing so hard. She said, "See, I knew you would laugh."  "That's not what I'm laughing at,"he replied. "I'm a toilet paper salesman, so I'm STILL one hole behind you!". 
Q:  What do you call it when an astronaut gets sick after eating?  A:  Launching his lunch!
The little boy was no more than seven years old. It was time for Church, and he wanted to take his teddy bear, whom he had always called Frank. His parents protested, but he insisted that he had to take Frank, so they finally relented.  When the donation baskets were passed, he put the teddy bear in the plate, along with a few coins.  Later, when asked about it, he simply said, "Well, the Bible says the wise men brought Jesus the gifts gold, frankincense and myrrh. I didn't have any gold, and I don't know what myrrh is. So I just gave Frank and cents!"
My neighbor and I were talking, when he brought up the fact they were going to travel abroad over the holidays to Beijing, China.  I said, "Oh that's nice, after the first of the year we too are going to travel."  He said, "Oh where are you all going?"  I said, "Well we are excited, were going to Walmart to see all the new Chinese products."
A little boy sat fascinated, watching as his mother smoothed cold cream on her face. "Why do you do that, mommy?" he asked.  "To make myself beautiful," said his mother, who then began removing the cream with a tissue.  "What's the matter?" asked Little Johnny... "Giving up?". 
The class teacher asks students to name an animal that begins with an E.  One boy says: “Elephant.”  Then the teacher asks for an animal that begins with a T.  The same boys says: “Two elephants.”  The teacher sends the boy out of the class for bad behavior. After that she asks for an animal beginning with M.  The boy shouts from the other side of the door: “Maybe an elephant!” 
Why is it always login on a computer or logout?  Why not add the option... Unsure?
Man to priest: father, may I smoke while I'm praying?  Priest : no you cannot!  Lady to priest : father, can I pray while I smoke?  Priest: yes you can! 
Dear Technical Support,          Last year I upgraded Girlfriend 1.0 to Wife 1.0 and noticed that the new program began unexpected child processing that took up a lot of space and valuable resources. No mention of this phenomenon was included in the product brochure.  In addition Wife 1.0 installs itself into all other programs and launches during system initialization where it monitors all other system activity. Applications such as Fishingweekend 10.3 and Bowlingbash 2.5 no longer run, crashing the system whenever selected.   I can not seem to purge Wife 1.0 from my system. I am thinking about going back to Girlfriend 1.0 but uninstall does not work on this program. Can you help me?   - Jonathan Powell  To: Mr. Powell   This is a very common problem men complain about but is mostly due to a primary misconception. Many men upgrade from Girlfriend 1.0 to Wife 1.0 with the idea that Wife 1.0 is merely a "UTILITIES and ENTERTAINMENT" program.   Wife 1.0 is an OPERATING SYSTEM and designed by its creator to run everything. It is impossible to un-install, delete, or purge the program from the system once it is installed. You can not go back to Girlfriend 1.0 because Wife 1.0 is not designed to do this. Some have tried to install Girlfriend 2.0 or Wife 2.0 but end up with more problems than the original system Look in your manual under Warnings-Alimony/Child Support.  I recommend that you keep Wife 1.0 and just deal with the situation. Having Wife 1.0 installed myself, I might also suggest you read the entire system regarding General Protection Faults (GPFs). You must assume all responsibility for faults and problems that might occur.  The best course of action will be to push apologize button, then reset button as soon as lock-up occurs. System will run smooth as long as you take the blame for all GPFs.   Wife 1.0 is a great program, but is very high maintenance.  - Tech Support
A shot and a splash of water.
Gracie was driving down the road in her pickup truck when she spotted a blonde sitting in a canoe in the middle a corn field. She slammed on her brakes and swerved into the corn field.   Pulling up beside the blonde, she rolled down her window and shouted, "Hey! What do you think you're doing?!?"  The blonde in the canoe looked at her, confused and said, "Well, I'm just out enjoying the sun in my canoe."  Gracie was fuming. She yelled back, "Why are you out in the middle of the cornfield!?!"  "Well, it seemed like a great day to be in the wide open," the blonde replied.  "You know," Gracie said, "It's blondes like you that give blondes like me a bad name! If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt!"
Wife: You always carry my photo in your handbag to the office. Why?  Darling: When there is a problem, no matter how impossible, I look at your picture and the problem disappears.  Wife: You see, how miraculous and powerful I am for you?  Darling: Yes, I see your picture and say to myself, "What other problem can there be greater than this one? 
Customer : I'd like to try that dress in the window.  Assistant : I'm sorry madam, I'm afraid you'll have to use the fitting room, like everybody else.
Q:What did the Grape say when the Elephant stepped on it?  A:Nothing, It just let out a little Whine!
Jesus and Moses are out playing golf one day. When they come to the 14th hole, which is a particularly nasty 310 yard, par 4, with a water hazard in front of the green.  Moses leads off, and drives a beautiful shot straight down the fairway, laying-up 10 yards short of the water hazard.  Jesus steps up to the tee, and tells Moses, “I’m going for the green. I saw Arnold Palmer make this same shot last year”. Moses advises Jesus he’ll never make the green, and to lay-up short.  Jesus tells Moses, “No, I saw Arnold Palmer make this shot, and I know if he can do it, so can I”.  So Jesus tees up the ball, hits it, and watches it land in the middle of the water hazard. Jesus turns to Moses, asking him to please part the waters so he can retrieve his golf ball. Moses parts the waters, allowing Jesus to retrieve his ball.  Jesus comes back to the tee, and tells Moses, “I’m going to try it again. If Arnold Palmer can make this shot, I know I can too”. Jesus tees up his golf ball, hits it, and again watches it land in the middle of the water hazard.  He turns to Moses, and asks him to part the waters so he can retrieve his golf ball. Moses says OK, and parts the waters, so Jesus can retrieve his golf ball again.  Jesus comes back, and once again tees up the ball telling Moses he can make the shot, because if Arnold Palmer can do it, he can too.  Moses tells Jesus, if he hits the ball into the water this time, he’s not going to help him get it back.  Jesus takes a mighty swing, and watches the ball fall just short of the green, once again landing in the water. He turns to Moses, and asks him to part the waters, and Moses tells him no, he had to retrieve the ball on his own.  So Jesus walks out onto the water searching for his golf ball.  About this time, the follow-on foursome approaches the 14th hole, and sees Jesus walking on water. One of the foursome asks Moses who the guy walking on water thinks he is! Jesus Christ?  Moses responds, “no, Arnold Palmer”.  
Two blondes were in a parking lot trying to unlock the door of their car with a coat hanger.  First Blonde: I can’t seem to get this door unlocked!  Second Blonde: Well you better hurry up. It’s starting to rain and the top is down!
A wife was making a breakfast of fried eggs for her husband. Suddenly, her husband burst into the kitchen.  "Careful,’ he said,‘ CAREFUL! Put in some more butter! Oh my gosh! You’re cooking too many at once. TOO MANY! Turn them! TURN THEM NOW! We need more butter. Oh my gosh! WHERE are we going to get MORE BUTTER? They’re going to STICK! Careful. CAREFUL! I said be CAREFUL! You NEVER listen to me when you’re cooking! Never! Turn them! Hurry up! Are you CRAZY? Have you LOST your mind? Don’t forget to salt them. You know you always forget to salt them. Use the! Salt. USE THE SALT! THE SALT!’  The wife stared at him. "What in the world is wrong with you? You think I don’t know how to fry a couple of eggs?"  The husband calmly replied, "I just wanted to show you what it feels like when I’m driving."
An elderly man just finished his annual physical, when the doctor came in grinning from ear-to-ear.  "Fred, we did a full workup - heart, lungs, credit score, investments and guess what?  You can afford to live another 15 years."
The males hang around the beer cans.  The females are on the phones.
My mother always told me "If you can't say something nice about someone.......They're probably a Jerk!
Dear optimists and pessimists,  While you were all arguing over the glass being half full or half empty, I drank it!  Sincerely, An opportunist 
Patient (to Doctor), " I forget whatever I have said a minute ago".  Doctor: "Since when are you suffering from this problem?'  Patient: "What problem?'
There were three astronauts, a Russian, an American, and a Not-So-Bright American.  The Russian says we were the first in space. The American says we were the first on the Moon. The Not-So-Bright American says I will be the first to land on the sun.  The other two look at her and say, "The sun! Wont you burn up?"  She says, "Well duh! We are going to land on it at night." 
A man with stutter went to a restaurant for dinner and ordered a steak, the waitress came with a salt cracker and asked, "Would you like some salt, sir?". The man replied "Ye..yes, p...p...please add...". The waitress cracks some salt onto the man's steak while the man persisted "...add...add...add...". Salt quickly piled up the steak like a tiny mountain, but the man would not stop insisting on adding more. Just when the waitress was about to stop and question, the stuttered man finally shouts out "...add...add...add just a little bit!!".
For gods sake! You'd think it would be safe leaving your car unlocked at a church parking lot on a Sunday! Apparently NOT. Anyway, I got 4 iPhones and 6 Tablets.
me: do you know the difference between a bag of oranges and an elephant?  you: no!  me: well i am not sending you to the store for a bag of oranges! lol
A woman walks up to a bartender and asks for a Double Entendre, so he gives it to her.
A man was on the very top diving board of a swimming pool.  He poised, lifted his arms, and was about to dive when the attendant came running up, shouting, “Don’t dive. There’s no water in that pool.”  “That’s all right,” said the man.  “I can’t swim.” 
The flight attendant was pointing out to passengers that their seats could be removed and used as floatation devices.  One woman, on her first flight, said,  “I’d prefer to be sitting on a parachute!’
Two Irishmen were talking: The first asks, "Connor, you know that guy Trump who is running for President?" Connor says, “I do Sean, I do." "Well", says Sean, "The next time he gets up to talk, I'd like to see someone throw a shoe at his head".  "Now, now, you know you're not supposed to wish harm on anyone", says Connor.  "Oh!” says Sean, "I'm not wishing him harm, and I just want to see Donald duck."
If pro is the opposite of con, what's the opposite of progress? Congress!
A man who was just about to be executed was asked whether he would like to have a last smoke.  The man answered, "No thank you, I don't smoke. I don't want to get lung cancer."
"Doctor, I have a son who thinks he's a chicken," said the man.  "Why don't you bring him in for treatment?" asked the doctor.  "We need the eggs," replied the man. 
A guy and a girl are having a drink together in a bar. The man raises his glass and says, "Here's hoping you're in Heaven ten minutes before the devil knows you're dead!" "What's that mean?" asks the girl. "That," answers her date, "is an authentic Irish toast." "Oh.  Well, here's to bread, eggs and cinnamon." What's that?" asked the guy.   The girl says, "That's French toast."  
They say that when a man holds a woman’s hand before marriage is love; after marriage is self-defense.
One day, an employee received an unusually large check.  She decided not to say anything about it.  The following week, her check was for less that the normal amount, and she confronted her boss.  “How come,” the supervisor inquired,  “you didn’t say anything when you were overpaid?” Unperturbed, the employee replied,  “Well, I can overlook one mistake – but not two in a row!” 
An inebriated crook had a little problem and ended up at the police station. “Couldn’t you get that crook to confess to the crime?” asked the police chief. “We tried everything, Sir.  We browbeat and badgered him wit every question we could think of.” “How did he respond? He just dozed off and said now and then:  “Yes, Dear. You are perfectly right.”  
 Q: What is the height of stupidity? A: 2 men sitting on a motorcycle & fighting for a window seat    
One guy to another; they say brunettes have a sweeter disposition than blondes and redheads.  Don’t believe it! My wife has been all three, and I couldn’t see any difference.
John and Tony were in the bar, pondering over Tony’s problems.  “Andrea and I want to get married,” said Tony, “but we can’t find anywhere to live.”  “Why don’t you live with Andrea’s parents for a while?” suggested John.  “We can’t do that,” said Tony, “they’re living with their parents for a while too.” 
After telling the customs agent he had nothing in his bags but clothing, Mark was alarmed when the official decided to open them up and check.  In the very first one she opened, cushioned between his socks was a bottle of cognac. “Nothing to declare but clothing, huh?” “Right,” Mark extemporized. “That, madam, is my nightcap.” 
Two guys on a double bike where pedaling up a hill. It took forever to get to the top. When they finally got to the top the first guy said in a pant, "whew, that was so hard." The second replied, "If I hadn't been pushing the brakes the whole time we would have rolled down backwards.”
Q: Which is easier for a man to leave: the women or the Wine? A:  It depends on the age. 
One day Bill Clinton was talking to Hillary. He was going on a vacation and before he left said, "Whatever you do don't look under my bed." So while Bill was on vacation Hillary got curious and decided to look under his bed. She found a million dollars and 2 empty beer cans. When Bill came home she said, "What's with the two beer cans under your bed?" Bill replied, "Oh. That marks all the times I've cheated on you." "Well, I forgive you," said Hillary, "But then what's with the million dollars?" He replied, "I've started to recycle."
Q. Who were the first people on Earth ? A. The Indians they had A Reservation. 
A mother mouse and a baby mouse were walking along, when all of a sudden, a cat attacked them. The mother mouse goes, "BARK!" and the cat runs away. "See?" says the mother mouse to her baby. "Now do you see why it's important to learn a foreign language?"
String A string walks into a pub and sits at the bar. the bartender looks at the string and says " we don't serve your kind here ". The string getting upset slams his hand on the bar and yells " GIM ME A BEER ". The bartender looks at the string and says " Hey ! We don't serve your kind here ". The string, really upset, slams his hand on the bar, spilling all the beers on the bar, yelling at the top of his string lungs " I SAID GIMME A BEER ". The bartender getting frustrated with the string throws him out of the pub. The upset string, leaving the pub passes a rope. The string turns to the rope and says " Hey, I'll give you five dollars to tie me into a knot and fray the ends ". The rope looks at the string and says " you will give me five dollars to tie you into a knot and fray the ends ". "ya ya " the string says, " I'll give you five dollars to tie me into a knot and fray the ends ". the rope taking the five dollars, ties the string into a knot and frays the ends. The string who is now tied into a knot with the ends frayed, walks back into the pub. The string slams his hand down on the bar and yells " GIMME A BEER ". the bartender looks at the string and says " We don't serve your kind here ". The string getting upset at the bartender, slams his hand on the bar, spilling all the beers on the bar, yelling at the top of his lungs " I SAID GIMME A BEER ". The bartender looks at the string and says " Hey, your that string I threw out of here ". the string yelling back at the top of his lungs " NO I'm a-frayed-knot
A selection of quotes from "I miss Dan Quayle". "I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have was that I didn't study Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people." -- J. Danforth Quayle "If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure." -- J. Danforth Quayle "Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child." -- Vice President Dan Quayle "Welcome to President Bush, Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts." -- Vice President Dan Quayle "Mars is essentially in the same orbit... Mars is somewhat the same distance from the Sun, which is very important. We have seen pictures where there are canals, we believe, and water. If there is water, that means there is oxygen. If oxygen, that means we can breathe." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 8/11/89 "What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is." -- Vice President Dan Quayle "The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 9/15/88 "I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 5/22/89 "One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice president, and that one word is 'to be prepared'." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 12/6/89
The pet store was selling three parrots. A man who wants to buy a parrot approaches the clerk and asks, “How much are your parrots?”  The sales clerk answers, “The first one is $1,000.”  “What does he know?”  “He knows 10,000 words and 500 sentences and can solve mathematical expressions.”  “How about the second one?”  “The second parrot costs $5,000.”  “What does he know?”  “He knows 100,000 words and 10,000 sentences, can solve mathematical expressions, and create computer programs.”  “Then what is the price for the third one?” asked the buyer.  “This one costs $20,000.”  “Really?!  What does he know?”  “This one knows absolutely nothing, but the two others always call him 'BOSS’."
Peter went home from school and with full of excitement, looked for his mother.  Peter: Mother, I almost made it as top 1 student of our class for this school year!  Mother: Oh really, I'm so proud of you son! So, you must be the top 2 then?   Peter: No mother, our teacher pointed to my seatmate, had she pointed me, I would have been the top 1 in our class! Almost mom! Almost!
Jesus walks into a hotel and places several nails on the counter and asks "Can you put me up for the night."
One Sardar's (Joker) wife told to her husband (Sardar) that she want to live her life with 'wealth & Pride'! Sardar shoots her, telling that 'you are my wife and want to live with Wealth & Pride
A man went to his doctor to go over his blood work results.  As soon as he entered the doctor's office, the doctor said to him, "I just looked at your results.  You are lucky that you come to see me early enough..."  The man became very nervous and asked, "What's wrong with my blood work?"  "Oh nothing! Just that I'll be leaving my office early today," replied the doctor.
When Sam returned to the house one evening, his wife Sarah announced that the new cleaning woman they had hired had stolen two towels.  "Yeah," said Sam very disinterested, and reclining on the sofa, "that wasn't very nice of her to do."  "You're right it wasn't!" Sarah said. "And they were the two best towels we had, the ones we got from the hotel while we were on vacation."
Being at my college often meant having your umbrella taken without your knowledge and if lucky returned during the rainy season. So I was pleasantly surprised when my roommate showed me an umbrella and asked me if it was mine. My umbrella was a brand called "Happy".  So I told him, "Check if it's Happy."  He promptly proceeded to open and close the umbrella twice in quick succession. He looked at me and gravely concluded, "Doesn't sound so happy."
A man in a business suit was reading the paper on a crowded subway car yet no one sat within ten feet of him.  A rather disheveled man sat down beside him and said, "I can tell the force is within you!"  The well dressed man looked over the top of his reading glasses and replied, "No, actually it passed about five minutes ago." 
Reading while sunbathing makes you well-red.
A woman begins to pray, "God, please help me. I've lost my business and if I don't get some money, I'm going to lose my house as well. Please let me win the lottery."  Lottery night comes and somebody else wins.  She again prays, "God, please let me win the lottery! I've lost my business, my house and I'm going to lose my car as well."  Lottery night comes and she still has no luck.  So, once again, she prays, "My God, why have you forsaken me? I've lost my business, my house and my car. My children are starving. I don't often ask You for help and I've always been a good servant to You. Please let me win the lottery just this one time, so I can get my life back in order."  Suddenly, there is a blinding flash of light as the Heavens open. She is overwhelmed by the voice of God, Himself.  He says, "Sweetheart, work with me on this. Buy a ticket."
Wife: I wish I was a newspaper so I’d be in your hand all day.  Husband: I too wish that you were a newspaper, So I could have new one everyday.
On a Chemistry exam at Midpark High School in Middleburg Heights, Ohio, one question concerned how to clean the floor after a chemical-powder spill.  In detail, I described the liquid I would combine with the powder in order to dissolve it with chemical bonding and electron transfer. I was pleased with my grasp of molecular structure until the exams were handed back. L  Our teacher asked another student to read her answer. She suggested a broom and a dustpan to sweep up the spill -- and got full credit.
A guy at the office was at the water fountain, when his co-worker asked, "Did you hear about the guy who got run over by a boat in Venice?"  "Yeah - he's gondola better place."
What goes dot-dot-croak,dot-dot-croak?  Morse Toad.
Cars and People are alike...  Some go Forward, some go in Reverse, and some just go around in circles.
A good time to keep your mouth shut... is when you're in deep water!
Three guys walk into a bar...  You would've thought the third one would've ducked.
A 10-year-old child was having a conversation with their grandmother while eating breakfast...  Child:   "Nanna, I'm a chubby old man."  Grandmother:   "What did you say?"  Child:   "I'm a chubby old man."  Grandmother:   "Now why would you say something like that?"  Child:   "Well, everybody says I look just like my daddy."   
Kids today don't know how easy they have it. When I was young, I had to walk 9 feet through shag carpet to change the TV to one of nine channels. 
Jill's car was unreliable and she called John for a ride every time it broke down. One day John got yet another one of those calls...  John: "What happened this time?"  Jill: "My brakes went out.  Can you come get me?"   John: "Where are you?"  Jill: "I'm in the drugstore."   John: "And where's the car?"  Jill: "It's in here with me." 
One fisherman to another, "You should've seen what happened yesterday at the lake."  "What happened?"  "I caught a twenty-three pound salmon!"  "Were there any witnesses?"  "Yes, of course! If there wasn't, it would've been thirty-three pounds."
After browsing the restaurant menu, I had a question for the waitress. "About the salmon entree, is that a steak or a fillet?"   After giving me a confused look, she replied. "Neither, it's a fish."
The water went away and Noah threw open the doors and told the animals to go forth and multiply. As the animals left, two snakes stopped by Noah and said, "We can't do that."  "Do what?" said Noah.  "Multiply," said the snakes.  "Why not?" asked Noah.  "Because we're Adders," said the snakes.  
I tried being a tailor, but wasn't suited for it...  Mainly because it was a sew-sew job.
Boss: "Working hard here, Jimmy?"  Jimmy: "Ever since I heard you coming down the stairs, boss!"
Bob: "I took a big fall, fell off a 50 ft ladder."  Jim: "Oh wow, are you okay?"  Bob: "Yeah, it's a good thing I only fell off the first step."
In fourth grade, my son had a huge crush on a classmate. So for Valentine’s Day, he bought her a box of chocolates and took it to school. When I returned home from work, I found him on the couch eating the same box of candy.  "What happened?" I asked.  "Well, I thought about it for a long time," he said between chews. "And I decided that, for now, I still like candy more than girls."
Whenever I hear the expression, "the bar is high"....  I can't help but think, "Oh great! I need a step-stool just to get a drink?"	 
After all the little children finished visiting Santa at the big mall, a 20 year old young lady went up and sat on Santa's knee. "I want to ask for just one thing for Christmas," she said, "and it is for my momma."  Santa replied, "I usually only answer little children, but since it is for your momma go ahead and ask me what she would like for Christmas."  "She would really, really love a handsome son-in-law."
A chef friend of mine was trying to come up with a new, unique dish for his restaurant.  He took a pot of raw fish and poured alphabet soup all over it.   "What do you think?" 							 "If you ask me," I replied as I looked into the disgusting pot with the soggy letters swirling around, "this SPELLS disaster."							 
Bill:  "Do you know what a satellite is?"  Phil:  "Sure. It's what you put on your horse if you're going to ride him after dark."
There's a man trying to cross the street.  As he steps off the curb a car comes screaming around the corner and heads straight for him.  The man walks faster, trying to hurry across the street, but the car changes lanes and is still coming at him.  So the guy turns around to go back, but the car changes lanes again and is still coming at him.  By now, the car is so close and the man so scared that he just freezes and stops in the middle of the road.  The car gets real close, then swerves at the last possible moment and screeches to a halt right next him.  The driver rolls down the window.  The driver is a squirrel.  The squirrel says to the man, "See, it's not as easy as it looks, is it?"   
"Home Maintenance"....by Duane Pipe  "Growing up in the Balkans".....by Hugo Slavia  "Irish Winter Tales".....by Pete Moss  "Increase Your Brain Power"....by Sarah Bellum  "Looking Into the Wishing Well"....by Eileen Dover  "How to Write a Mystery Novel"....by Page Turner  "Winning Big".....by Jack Potts  "Vacation Spot in the Tropics"....by Sandy Beech  "I Always Enjoy the Darkness"....by Gladys Knight 
Nate walked along a highway in Nevada shouting that, "the end of the world will come soon!" As he got closer to the city he came upon a large lever in the middle of the road with a sign that said "Pull lever and the world will end!".   He just knew this would be great place to preach his message. Sure enough, the traffic stopped both ways as people were forced to stop and listen. A large truck came over the hill and, due to poor brakes, had to decide whether to hit the lever or hit Nate. He chose Nate as it would only be the end of one person as opposed to the end the world.  The truck driver was unhurt but in deep despair over the the choice he had to make. A police officer tried to console him by saying, "Look at it this way, it was better Nate than Lever."
We are interrupting our regularly scheduled jokes for today's Stock Market Report:  Helium was up, feathers were down. Paper was stationary.  Fluorescent tubing was dimmed in light trading. Knives were up sharply. Pencils lost a few points.  Hiking equipment was trailing. Elevators rose, while escalators continued their slow decline. Weights were up in heavy trading.  Mining equipment hit rock bottom. Diapers remained unchanged.  The market for raisins dried up. Balloon prices were inflated. And toilet paper touched a new bottom.
When, and if, Mick Jagger retires, he has expressed interest in building structures assembled with concrete and mortar...   			 That would make him a Rolling Stonemason.			 
Two mice scavenging in an old studio warehouse find some old celluloid film.  Mouse 1: This looks really old! I wonder what film it is?  Mouse 2: The can is right here... Oh, it's "Gone with the Wind"!  Mouse 1: Well, maybe it's still good - let me take a bite.  Mouse 2: Well? How is it?  Mouse 1: Nothing much. The book was better.
You're walking down the street and your toe falls off!   Who do you call?  You call a tow truck!
A gynecologist who had lost interest in his medical practice decided to change careers and enrolled in auto mechanic school.  He performed well in the course but was still shocked when he got an off-the-chart 200 on his final exam. He asked the instructor to explain the grade.  "I gave you 50 points for taking the engine apart correctly," the teacher said, "50 points for putting it back together correctly, and an extra 100 points for doing it all through the muffler." 
What do you call a Broadway production performed on a huge scrabble board?  A play on words! 
What do you feed a disappearing cat?  Evaporated milk!
I didn't make it to the gym today...   That makes 1,523 days in a row I didn't go!
A man has to take on up a sport at the advice of his doctor, so he decides to play tennis. After a couple of weeks his buddy asks him how he's doing.   "It's going fine," the man says, "When I'm on the court and I see the ball speeding towards me my brain immediately says: To the corner! Back hand! To the net! Smash! Go back!"   "Really? What happens then?" his friend asks enthusiastically.   "Then my body says, 'Who? Me? Don't talk nonsense!'" 
I was walking down the street when I heard a skirmish down an ally. A guy was trying to take a woman’s purse. When I saw it was my ex-wife, I said a little prayer for the guy and just kept on walking. 
What do you call the Oracle from The Matrix movie, without her guardian?  She's Sans Serif
A man left the bar late one night after one too many drinks. He decided to walk home taking a shortcut through the grave yard. He fell into an open grave but failed to escape after many attempts.    What the man didn’t see was another guy from the bar who had previously fallen in and was curled up asleep at the other end of the grave. The guy woke up and said, “You’ll never make it out of here.”  Low and behold he made it out in one leap! 
Father: You did well with your chores this week, how would you like a shiny new quarter?   Son: I'd rather have a dirty old dollar! 
A lady goes up to a railroad ticket window and says to the agent, "twotoDeluth."  The agent looks back at her and replies, "tweetdiddleleet, where do you want to go lady"?
What did the badger say to the bear?   Have a beary nice day, I hope it's not too grizzly!
This was a recent conversation that I had with my girlfriend’s father, who knows I do web design.  Father: I have a business idea. How hard is it to make a Facebook?  Me: Oh, that's simple, not hard at all.  Girlfriend: No, he doesn’t mean to make a Facebook profile. He means to redo ALL of Facebook.  Me: Oh. In that case, that's very hard.  Father: Oh, okay.  (Pause) What are we talking then, maybe just 3 to 5 hours?
In school, a teacher goes up to student named Johnny who is chewing gum.  The teacher asks him, "Are you chewing gum?"  The student replies, "No, I'm Johnny." 
Why did the ceiling fan go to the boxing match?  For the blow-by-blow action.
I walk into a hotel and go to check in. The beautiful receptionist got me checked in and was all smiles. She even wrote down her phone number for me.  The number was 0....
I patiently waiting at the customer service desk for my turn. I had come back to return a pair of jeans that were too tight.   "Is something wrong with them?" the  teenage clerk asked me.  "Yes," I replied. "They hurt my feelings."  The clerk had no response for me.  
Women have many faults, men only have two... everything they say and everything they do.
How many astronauts does it take to change a light bulb?  It takes two astronauts to change a light bulb. Astronaut number one to hold the light bulb and astronaut number two to rotate astronaut number one.
A penguin walks into a bar. He goes to the counter and asks the bartender, "Have you seen my brother?"  Bartender replies, "I don't know, what does he look like?"
10. Teach him the secret male ritual of leaving the toilet seat up and the toilet paper roll empty.  9. Have a ceremony where you give him his own remote control.  8. Lead him through an afternoon of rigorous physical training in the back yard while you sit in a lawn chair with a half-gallon of ice cream.  7. Eat until you're about to burst and then ride the Screamin' Hurler roller coaster.  6. Put cream on his face and let the cat shave him with its tongue.  5. Walk behind him through his school halls yelling, "You da man!"  4. Send him to the local discount store to buy mom's "personal things."  3. Give him Grandma's lime green Gremlin with personalized license plates that say, "TUFFGUY."  2. When the women of the house are gone, get out your secret 'Old Yeller' video and have a good cry together.  1. Shot put catching.
At an art gallery, a woman and her 10 year old son were having a tough time choosing between two paintings. They finally chose and went with the autumn themed one.  “I see you prefer an autumn scene as opposed to a floral one,” said the gallery owner, who happened to be nearby and witnessed the mother-son interaction.  “No,” said the boy. “This painting is wider, so it’ll cover the three holes I put in the wall.”
After an MCAT exam, a father asks his son, "How did it go son?"  Young man, looking rather reproachful, replied, "It went well dad. In fact, it went so well that I will retake it again next year." 
Daughter: " I don't like the boy you found for me... his teeth are not in order and he looks ugly when he smiles."  Mother: "Don't worry about that. He will not be smiling after he marries you."
A priest asked a group of fourth graders in a religious class, "How many of you would like to go to heaven?"  All raised their hands except Johnny. The priest asked Johnny why he didn't want to go to heaven.  Johnny said, "I do, but I thought you wanted to go right now."
A man woke up in the morning deeply repentant  after a bitter fight with his wife the previous night. He noticed with dismay the crate of beer bottles that had caused the fight. He took it outside and started smashing  the empty bottles one by one against a wall.  He smashed the first bottle swearing, "You are the reason I fight with  my wife!" He smashed the second bottle, "You are the reason I don't love my children!" He smashed the third bottle, "You are the reason I don't have a decent job!" When he took the fourth bottle, he realized that the bottle was still sealed and was full. He hesitated for only a moment and then said, "You stand aside, I know you were not involved."  Men will be men.  
Help me! The paranoid delusional people are after me!!!
Yo Momma so dumb that her I.Q. test came back negative.
Yo Momma so fat when she weighs herself on a scale, the scale says "Hey now! One person at a time!"
OK, we all know that 666 is the Number of the Beast.  But did you know that:  $665.95        - Retail price of the Beast $699.25        - Price of the Beast plus 5% sales tax $769.95        - Price of the Beast with all accessories and replacement soul $656.66        - Walmart price of the Beast 6, uh... what was that number again?         - Number of the Blonde Beast 00666            - Zip code of the Beast 1-900-666-0666 - Live Beasts!  One-on-one pacts!  Call Now! Only $6.66/minute.  Over 18 only please. Route 666     - Highway of the Beast 666 F              - Oven temperature for roast Beast 666k               - Retirement plan of the Beast 6.66 %            - 5 year CD interest rate at First Beast National  Bank, $666 minimum deposit. i66686            - CPU of the Beast 666i                 - BMW of the Beast DSM-666        - Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of the Beast 668                  - Next-door neighbor of the Beast 
Johnny, a farmer's son, was having lots of trouble in getting dates. He asked his best friend for some pointers.  The first thing you have to do is to do something to attract her his friend advised. So Johnny went home and hugged his John Deere.
Q: Did you hear about the self help group for compulsive talkers?  A: It's called On And On Anon.
Q: How do you clean ice off a tall buildings?  A: With sky scrapers.
One day these two fine southern ladies were sittin' on the front porch having some iced tea. One of the women sticks out her hand for the other woman to see, and in her long southern drawl says "Look at this ring my husband gave me. Isn't it nice?"   To which the other woman replies, "Oh that's nice, that's real nice."   The first woman then says , "And just last month he took me on one of them Caribbean cruises."   The second woman again replies, "Oh that's nice, that's real nice."   "Well sweetheart doesn't your husband ever buy you nice things or send you nice places?"   "Oh", the second woman responds, "When we first got married he did send me to etiquette school."   "Why'd he do that?" the first woman asks.   To which the second fine southern woman replies, "Well you see, before, when someone told me about the jeweler their husband gave them, or the trips he sent her on, I would have just said I don't give a crap, but now I say that's nice, that's real nice."
Q: What is a zebra?  A: 26 sizes larger than "A" brA:
Suzy Lee fell in love. She planned to marry Joe. She was so happy about it all, she told her pappy so.  Pappy told her, "Suzie Gal" you'll have to find another. I'd just as soon yo maw don't know, but Joe is yo half-brother.  So Suzie forgot about her Joe and planned to marry Will.  But after telling pappy this, he said "There's trouble still." You can't marry Will, my gal and please don't tell yo mother, cause Will and Joe and several mo I know is yo half-brother."  But mama knew and said "Honey chile, do what makes yo happy. Marry Will or marry Joe, You ain't no kin to pappy!"
What did the smurf get in karate?  A blue belt!
What did the planet get in karate?  An asteroid belt!
A fly was sitting on a completely bald person's head.  Second fly lands there and comments, "Nice, clean home."  First fly says, "This is not a home, it's just the plot."
Wife: If I knew you were this poor, I wouldn't have married you!  Husband: What do you think I meant when I said you were the only thing I have in this world?
What is the difference between a good beer and a woman:  1. A good beer never goes flat.   2. A good beer never commits when between your legs.  3. A good beer never complains when you’ve had better.  4. A good beer doesn’t try to kill you when you tell it its too big.   5. You never have to impress a good beer, it loves you no matter what.
Q: What do you call Eskimo cows?  A: Eskimoos.
Last week at Walmart my wife let me push the cart instead of riding in it!
59 years ago I got my first picture taken with Santa, just found out it was with Grandma.
Eagle asks a girl, "You know why hunting me would be a bad idea?"  Girl, "Yeah, Because it's ill-eagle!"
Q: Why were the Cocoa Puffs so afraid of their owner?  A: They heard that he was a cereal killer.
I feel like I should be on the TV show Undercover Boss.  I just found my wife with the boss!
God made a man and then rested.  God made a woman and then no one rested.
Q: What was the sick boys favorite sport?  A: Hurling.
Management of the Retirement Village having an open day could not work out why visitors were stopping near the front gate and then driving away. None stopped to visit. Finally the General Manager went to investigate and found the gardener had left a sign beside the gate which said "FOR SALE -OLD SLEEPERS".
What's the difference between the Government & The Mafia?  Only one of them is organized.
1) The toilet is blocked and we cannot bathe the children until it is cleared.  2) I want some repairs done to my stove as it has backfired and burnt my knob off.  3) This is to let you know that there is a smell coming from the man next door.  4) I request your permission to remove my drawers in the kitchen.  5) Our lavatory seat is broken in half and is now in three pieces.  6) Will you please send someone to mend our cracked sidewalk? Yesterday my wife tripped on it and is now pregnant.
Two whales walk into a bar. The first one says..."EOOOOOHAHHHHHMMMM-MMUUUUUUUUUOOOAAAAAAUUUU..."  The second whale turns to the first and says "Frank, what is wrong with you?"
There are 10 kinds of people: 1.   Those who understand binary. 10. Those who don't understand this joke.
5.25 inch floppy disks were fragile. They had to be stored in paper sleeves, could not be bent, and they could be damaged by a single touch  3.5 inch floppy disks held 1.44 megabytes of data. That's enough for maybe two or three standard Microsoft Word documents with no images. That's enough for maybe a minute of MP3 quality music.  Before internet use was common, the most frequent way that computer viruses spread was through floppy disks. It was a risk to take your data to another person's computer.
"Well, what seems to be the problem?" asked the clock repair man.  "It's my grandfather clock. It used to go tic toc, tic toc, tic toc. Now, it just goes tic, tic, tic, tic, tic," replied the young lady.  "Hmmm, I think I can fix this," he says. He opens the door on the clock, looks at it, and then says to the lady, "Don't worry, we have ways of making it toc!"
Do you know what Labor Day is?  Mommy's sure do!
Monday morning a man bumped into the priest, “Good morning Father, you should know, I was by your sermon yesterday, and I couldn't fall asleep last night!"   “Why what was it that I said?" asked the priest.    “Oh no, I wasn't listening to what you said, I slept the whole way through." 
A lot of people have a bucket list of 50 things they wanna do in there lifetime.  I  just have one, and that's to forget the 50 that I did!!!
Why did the Walkers not bite Glen in the Coffee Shop?  The Zombies were busy taking a selfie.
Mama bear, papa bear, and baby bear were having a great time chasing vacationers in a car as they were visiting Yellowstone National Park.   		 "Daddy?" 		 "Yes, Baby Bear?"	 	 "I think we could be doing a better job of scaring these vacationers." 		 "But Baby Bear," Mama Bear injected. "What more can we do?"	 	 "Maybe we'd have more of an effect on them if we got out of this car and started chasing them on all fours!"
Knock, knock...  Who's there?       Brittany.                                                         Brittany who?  Knock, knock...  Who's there?  Brittany .  Brittany who?  Oops, I did it again
What is Santa's favorite snack food?  What else, Hostess Ho Ho's...
Accidentally went grocery shopping on an empty stomach...  ... and now I am the proud owner of Aisle 4.
Two bunnies are running from a fox. They hide behind a bale of hay one turns to the other and says, "Should we keep running, or stay here and out number the fox?" 
If  a wife is called the 'better half', then what is a husband called? 
Suzanne was preparing a ham dinner. After she cut off the end of the ham, she placed it in a pan for baking. Her friend asked her, "Why did you cut off the end of the ham"?  She replied, "I really don't know but my mother always did, so I thought you were supposed to." Later when talking to her mother she asked her why she cut off the end of the ham before baking it, and her mother replied, "I really don't know, but that's the way my mom always did it."  A few weeks later, while visiting her grandmother, Suzanne asked, "Grandma, why is it that you cut off the end of a ham before you bake it?"  Her grandmother replied, "Well dear, it would never fit into my baking pan."
A man entered a diner and ordered a large bowl of soup. A big horse fly then flew into the bowl. The startled man saw the fly, then retorted to the waiter. "Look at this bowl, what do you see? A horse fly right? What is it doing in my soup?"  The waiter, not sure how to reply, said, "I'm not sure, but it looks like the backstroke to me."
One skeleton says to the other your a nobody.
If you are offered a penny for your thoughts and you give your two cents worth, where does the other penny go?
Accept that some days you’re the pigeon, and some days you’re the statue!
I just put my new hearing aid in...   I can even hear my thoughts now.
Q: Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day?  A: Regular rocks are too heavy.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but nature beat me to it.
Don't just tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to get more wax!!
When humans are young, they are pushed around in strollers...  When they are old, they are pushed around in wheelchairs...  In between, they are just pushed around...  
TEACHER:   Why are you late?   STUDENT:   Well, because class started before I got here.   
What button does a dog push on the DVD player?  The PAWS button!
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do!  
To err is human.  To blame someone else for your error is even more human.
A dollar may not go as far as it used to, but what it lacks in distance, it makes up for in speed.
A junior-high student was studying astronomy and enjoying it greatly.  One morning at breakfast she mentioned, "On Friday we're having a quiz on the moon."  Her little brother piped up, "Are you gonna let her go, Mom???"
Two elderly women had been friends for over forty years.  Each one was losing their hearing.  Minnie asked, "Are you going to be home today?"   "Yes, as far as I know," replied her friend, Adie.  "Good I have a gift for you."  "Esther Price?" Adie asked.    Knowing Minnie loved Esther Price candy, she assumed the gift was candy. As the day wore on, Minnie finally arrived with a book on Smoothies.  Adie was confused. "I didn't know Esther Price sold books?"  "They don't."  "But this morning you said they did."  "Oh, I thought you said, 'That's nice.'"
We took the kids to one of those restaurants where the walls are plastered with movie memorabilia. I went off to see the hostess about reserving a table. When I returned, I found my 10-year-old granddaughter staring at a poster of Superman standing in a phone booth.   She looked puzzled. "She doesn't know who Superman is?" I asked my wife.  "Worse," my wife replied. "She doesn't know what a phone booth is."
Just because a frog is green, does that mean its Irish?  No.  That is correct. Because when you look at it when its a baby, it looks a tad-polish!
Two brothers were fast asleep when the eldest heard a thud sound  Eldest: What's that sound?  Youngest: Oh, it's just my t-shirt falling off my bed.  Eldest: T-shirt? Why was it so loud?  Youngest: Because I was still in it.
While being transported to basic training, a new enlistee of the Air National Guard accidentally opened a parachute in the rear of the C-47.   The plane was piloted by a major and a captain, and the new enlistee felt intimidated as he opened the cockpit door to confess what he had done.  Expecting to be severely chastised, he was surprised by the captain's calm response. "Well, son," he said, "if this plane goes down, that chute is yours." 
Somebody has  said that there are only two kinds of people in the world...  There are those who wake up in the morning and say, "Good morning, Lord!"...  And there are those who wake up in the morning and say, "Good Lord, it's morning!"
A Texan was taking a taxi tour of London and was in a hurry. As they went by the Tower of London the cab driver explained what it was and that construction of it started in 1346 and was completed in 1412.  The Texan replied, "Shoot, a little ol' tower like that? In Houston we'd have that thing up in two weeks!"  Next they passed the House of Parliament - started in 1544 and completed in 1618.  "Well boy, we put up a bigger one than that in Dallas and it only took a year!"  As they passed Westminster Abbey the cab driver was silent.  "Whoah! What's that over there?" asked the Texan.  The driver replied, "I don't know, it wasn't there yesterday." 
Grandma left the stove on and the pan was burnt. I asked her if she had a timer she can use, as to not forget in the future  "NO! Don't you dare go there! I don't have that," she said, shaking her fist at me.   "No, no, Grandma, I said 'A timer'!" 
One day a man dies and goes to heaven. There, he sees St. Peter at the entrance.   Before he went in, Peter stopped him and said, "Sorry, but you have told too many lies to be allowed here."   The man looked at him sadly and said, "Have a heart, you were once a fisherman yourself."
Whose decision was it to put Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill?   Wouldn't it make sense to honor Burr, the guy who actually WON the duel?
Q:  What is it that, the harder you run, the harder it is to catch?  A:  Your breath.
Signs that scientists have gone too far with genetically modified food:  *Your hot dog just fetched its own ketchup and relish.  *You spot the tell-tale signs of a primitive central nervous system in you Jell-O.  *Chocchini: looks like zucchini, tastes like a chocolate Ding Dong.  *The black-eyed peas on your fork just winked at you.  *Every time you pour a glass of orange juice, your garage door goes up.
What did the one mirror say to the other mirror?  It's all done with people.
I didn't know if my granddaughter had learned her colors yet, so I decided to test her. I would point out something and ask what color it was. She would tell me, and always she was correct. But it was fun for me, so I continued.  At last, she headed for the door, saying sagely, "Grandma, I think you should try to figure out some of these yourself!"
What does the 'N' in the Nebraska football helmet stand for?  Knowledge.
Reporter: Sir, may we interview you regarding your black and white cows! Farmer: Sure! Go ahead! Reporter: What do they usually eat? Farmer: Which one? The white or the black one? Reporter: The white one. Farmer: Grass! Reporter: How about the black? Farmer: Grass also!  Reporter: (wondering) And where do you bathe them? Farmer: The white one or the black one? Reporter: The black one! (upset) Farmer: The river. Reporter: And the white? Farmer: The river too.  Reporter (angry): Why do you always ask for the color when you came up with the same answer?! Farmer: Sorry, but you know why? The white cow is mine. Reporter: And what about the black one? Farmer: Mine too!
I just did a week's worth of cardio...   ... all after walking into a spider web. 
I told my son, "You will marry the girl I choose."  He said, "No."  I told him, "She is Bill Gate's daughter."  He said, "Yes."  I called Bill Gates and said, "I want your daughter to marry my son."  Bill Gates said, "No".  I told Bill Gates, "My son is the CEO of World Bank."  Bill Gates said, "Okay".  I called the president of World Bank and asked him to make my son the CEO.  He said, "No".  I told him, "My son is Bill Gate's son-in-law."  He said, "Okay."   And this is how politics works!
A man goes to the doctor for a checkup. The doctor checks him out thoroughly doing various tests. He then goes back to his table and sits down. "I'm prescribing these pills for you," he says.  Noting the weird name of the prescription, the man asks, "What am I taking now?"  "Oh, I don't want you to swallow them. Just spill them on the floor twice a day and pick them up, one at a time."
What do hair accessories do after they finish a show?  They bow.
Signs are not always what they seem...   IN A LAUNDROMAT: Automatic washing machines. Please remove all your clothes when the light goes out.   IN A LONDON DEPARTMENT STORE: Bargain Basement Upstairs   IN AN OFFICE: Would the person who took the step ladder yesterday please bring it back or further steps will be taken.   IN ANOTHER OFFICE: After the tea break, staff should empty the teapot and stand upside down on the draining board.   OUTSIDE A SECOND HAND SHOP: We exchange anything - bicycles, washing machines etc. Why not bring your wife along and get a wonderful bargain.
The magazine about ceiling fans went out of business...  ... due to low circulation.
Two zombies were discussing how they were going to go out and satisfy their appetites. 					 "I think we need to be a little more authoritative and menacing," Zac said. "These potential victims seem to be taking us for granted." 					 "I don't know about that," replied Hal. "I think a subdued, common sense approach is the better way to go. That way they're more likely to let their guard down." 					 "I've listened to you take the polite approach when you get the urge to munch on gray matter," countered Zac. "I don't think that gets the job done."  "How so?" 					 "Well, for one thing,  you DON'T ask your victim, 'Can I pick your brain?'"
The efficiency expert concluded his lecture with a note of caution: "You do not want to try these techniques at home!"   "Why not?" asked a man from the audience.   "After years of not paying attention, I suddenly noticed my wife's routine at breakfast," the expert explained. "She made lots of trips to the refrigerator, stove, table and cabinets; often she carried just a single item at a time. So I asked her, 'Hon, why don't you try carrying several things at once? It'd be much more efficient.'"   "Well, did your suggestions save much time?" the attendee asked.   "Actually, yes," the efficiency expert responded. "It used to take her twenty minutes to get breakfast ready. Now I do it in seven."
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.  Life is like a fountain... I will tell you how when I figure it out.  Make a firm decision now... you can always change it later.  Male zebras have white stripes... but female zebras have black stripes.  Money DOES talk...  but to me it says goodbye.  
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  Two.  One to hold the giraffe, and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.
I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add to it???  It's a small world... but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.  I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.  I installed a skylight in my apartment... the people who live above me are furious. 
The Seven stages of man...   Spills, Drills, Shrills, Bills, Ills, Pills, and Wills.
A farmer asked the vet to come out to check on his favorite bull who wasn't doing well at all. After checking the bull's vital signs, the vet reached in his black bag and pulled out a rather large pill.  He forced open the bull's mouth and crammed the pill down his gullet. Suddenly the bull jumped up and took off like a banshee, jumping every fence in his way.  The vet exclaimed, "Well, looks like your bull is healed!"  The farmer replied, "Now give me one of those pills. I've gotta catch him!"
Did you know that Adam and Eve were the first couple to not read and understand the fine print on their Apple contract? 
Some vacationers at their campsite were cooking fish over an open fire when a storm suddenly moved in.   Before the campers could run for cover, a burst of lightning came down and struck a skillet that was resting on the coals in front of them. 			 That's what you call a flash in the pan!			 
A guy wins a big jackpot on a slot machine in Vegas.  As it is paying out of the machine, but before the pit boss reaches the lucky winner, a haggard man approaches him and says, "I don't mean to disturb you during your big moment, but my wife is sick and needs an operation.  Could you see your way clear to giving me $5,000 of your winnings?"    The guy says, "Well, it's all well and good for you to say that, and if it's true I sympathize, but how do I know you're not going to turn around and just gamble it away?"  The haggard man responds, "Oh, I got gambling money."
I was stunned last night when my wife told me I was too wrapped up in myself....  When did I get a wife? 
What is Experience?   The name people give to their mistakes.
Two mothers were talking about their sons. The first said, "My son is such a saint. He works hard, doesn't smoke, and he hasn't so much as looked at a woman in over two years."  The other woman said, "Well, my son is a saint himself. Not only has he not looked at a woman in over three years, but he hasn't touched a drop of liquor in all that time."  "My word," the first mother said. "You must be so proud."  "I am," the second mother replied. "And when he's paroled next month, I'm going to throw him a big party."
I think that a Koala should definitely be considered a bear instead of a Marsupial...  It certainly has all of the Koalafications.
I tried working in a wheel factory, but I got too tired.  
An elegant older lady is ushered into the most prestigious  party at the country club. This is the first time out  making an appearance since the wedding. Her new husband just happens to be the founder & president of the club.  When she came into view, there was a low hum among the other women as they gathered round full of questions, especially about the HUGE diamond on her finger. The madame tried to be nice about it all but was getting a little annoyed with all the busy  bodies. She told them that the diamond was the Cloppman Diamond and it came with a curse.  Now the hum was getting louder as they wanted to know what the curse was.   She responded, matter of factly, "Mr. Cloppman!"
If you're becoming forgetful, I have a tip for you.   Date the notes you write to yourself.   I just spent the entire morning looking for Easter eggs.
Q: Why is a fish easy to weigh?   A: Because it has its own scales!  
I worked at Starbucks, but had to quit...  I quit because it was the same old grind.     
What are turkeys NOT allowed to say to each other after they've had a big meal at the dinner table? 		 "I'm stuffed!"		 
May: "I've never been skiing before."  Dad: "You don't want to, trust me."  May: "Why?"  Dad: "You meet many bad things, like pine tree for instance."
When I returned home from college for a break, I noticed a paper posted on the refrigerator. It listed some goals my dad had set for himself: Help wife more; lose weight; be more productive at work.  I promptly added: "Send Michelle money every month."  A few days later my brother wrote: "Make payments on car for Jason."  Then my boyfriend joined in with: "Buy Tom a Jeep."  Finally my father added a new goal to his amended list: "Wean kids." 
Definition of a scale:  Right-of-Weigh		 
Managed to get a good job working for a pool maintenance company...  But I had to resign...  The work was just too draining.
Two guys walking down the street talking. One says to the other, "I wish I had a million dollars."  The second guy says, "Oh, I'm working on my second million."  "Really?" asked the first guy, surprised.  "Yea, I gave up on the first million, didn't quite work out."
Visiting his parents’ retirement village in Florida, my middle-aged friend, Tim, went for a swim in the community pool while his elderly father took a walk.  Tim struck up a conversation with the only other person in the pool, a five-year-old boy. After a while, Tim’s father returned from his walk and called out, "I’m ready to leave."  Tim then turned to his new friend and announced that he had to leave because his father was calling. Astonished, the wide-eyed little boy cried, "You’re a kid?"
An angry motorist went back to a garage where he had purchased an expensive battery for his car just six months earlier.  "Listen", the motorist grumbled to the owner of the garage, "when I bought this battery you said it would be the last battery my car would ever need. It died after only six months!"  "Sorry," apologized the garage owner. "I didn't think your car would last longer than that."
A five-year-old boy had never spoken a word, ever. One afternoon, as he sat eating his lunch he turned to his mother and said, "Soup's cold."  She was astonished, and said, "Honey, I've waited so long to hear you speak. But all these years you never said a thing. Why haven't you spoken before?"  The boy looked at her and replied, "Up until now, everything's been okay." 
I got a job in a workout center, but they quickly let me go...  They said I wasn't fit for the job. 
Little Johnny asked his Grandma how old she was.  Grandma answered, "39 and holding."  Johnny thought about that and then asked, "And how old would you be if you let go?" 
The priest said, "Sister, this is a silent monastery. You are welcome here as long as you like, but you may not speak until directed to do so."   Sister Mary lived in the monastery for 5 years before the priest said to her, 'Sister Mary, you have been here for 5 years. You may speak two  words."   Sister Mary said, "Hard bed."    "I'm sorry to hear that," the priest said, "We will get you a better bed."   After another 5 years, Sister Mary was summoned by the Priest: "You may say another two words, Sister Mary."   "Cold food," said Sister Mary, and the priest assured her that the food would be better in the future. On her 15th anniversary at the monastery, the priest again called Sister Mary in to his office. "You may say two words today."   "I quit," said Sister Mary. "It's probably best," said the priest, "You've done nothing but complain since you got here."
I became a professional fisherman...  But discovered I couldn't live on my net income.  
An Englishman, a Scotsman, an Irishman, a Latvian, a Chinese, a Japanese, a Kiwi, a Canadian, an Eskimo, a Fijian, a Turk, an Aussie, a Yank, an Egyptian, a Spaniard, a Mongolian, a Tibetan, a Pollack, a Mexican, a Spaniard, a Greek, a Russian, an Estonian, a German, an Indian, an Italian, a Brazilian, a Kenyan, a South African, a Filipino, a Pakistani, a Korean, an Argentinean, a Lithuanian, a Dane, a Finn, a Swede, an Israeli, a Romanian, a Bulgarian, a Serb, a Czech, a Croat, and a Panamanian go to a fancy bar...  The bouncer says: "Sorry. I can't let you in without a Thai."
Two clones were standing on the edge of the Grand Canyon, one of them cursing wildly.   The other one, tired of hearing all the profanity, pushed the cursing one into the Canyon.   The police were called and immediately arrested the survivor.   He was charged with “making an obscene clone fall.” 
I think I'm going to officially change my name to "Next"...    That way, I flash my ID, shout 'Excuse me, I'm Next' and I'll be able to go right to the front of the line.		 
An elephant was drinking out of a river one day, when he spotted a turtle asleep on a log. So, he ambled on over and kicked it clear across the river.  "What did you do that for?" asked a passing giraffe.  "Because I recognized it as the same turtle that took a nip out of my trunk 35 years ago."  "Wow, what a memory!" commented the giraffe.  "Yes," said the elephant, "turtle recall".  
A manufacturer of electric light bulbs was talking to the owner of a theater. "I'd like to supply you with bulbs for your marquee," the manufacturer said, "and it won't cost you a penny. It will enable me to realize a lifelong ambition."  "If I accept the free bulbs," the curious theater manager asked, "will you tell me about this ambition of yours?"  "Certainly," the man said. "It's just that I've always dreamed of seeing my lights up in names!" 
Did you hear about the two robbers who were arrested for stealing a calendar?  They both got six months!
I attempted being a deli worker, but any way I sliced it, I couldn't cut the mustard.  
"You admit having broken into the dress shop two times?" asked the judge.  "Yes," answered the suspect.  "And what did you steal?"  "A dress, your Honor," he replied.  "One dress?" echoed the judge. "But you admit breaking in twice!"  "Yes, your Honor," sighed the suspect. "I had to exchange it. My wife didn't like the color."
Two elderly men were sitting on a park bench when one said to the other man, "Are you comfortable?"  The other man replied, "I'm okay, I make a living."
I have a friend, a medical examiner, who has an odd way of conducting postmortem	procedures.  He keeps flipping the subject over, then back, then over again repeatedly.	 	 He calls it "autopsy-turvy".		 
A small boy is sent to bed by his mother. Five minutes later, "Mom."  "What?"  "I'm thirsty. Can you bring me a glass of water?"  "No. You had your chance. Lights out."  (Five minutes later) "Mom."  "What?"  "I'm thirsty. Can I please have a glass of water?"  "I told you no! If you ask again, I'll have to spank you!"  (Five minutes later) "Mom!"  "WHAT?!"  "When you come in to spank me, can you bring me a glass of water?"
One of my husband's duties as a novice drill instructor at Fort Jackson, S.C., was to escort new recruits to the mess hall.  After everyone had made it through the chow line, he sat them down and told them, "There are three rules in this mess hall: Shut up!  Eat up!  Get up!"  Checking to see that he had everyone's attention, he asked, "What is the first rule?"  Much to the amusement of the other instructors, 60 privates yelled in unison, "Shut up, Drill Sergeant, Sir!"
If cats wore t-shirts, here is what they might say...  "Purrfection cannot be improved."  "If you don't like my attitude, you should see my cat."  "Menopaws, This is the hottest I've been in years."  "Take my advice. I'm not using it."  "I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?"  "Cats know how we feel. They don't care, but they know."  "Dogs have owners. Cats have staff."  "Thousands of years ago, cats were worshiped as gods. They have never forgotten this."
Little Johnny's teacher asks, "George Washington not only chopped down his father's Cherry tree, but also admitted doing it. Do you know why his father didn't punish him?"   Little Johnny replies, "Because George was the one holding the axe?"
Why do fish live in saltwater?   Because pepper water makes them sneeze. 
A good pun is its own reword.
My parrot was looking quite lonely in the cage all by himself. So, I thought it would be a nice gesture on my part to get him a larger cage and introduce him to a new friend  to keep him company, a pet duck. 		 Of course, I had to ask him first, "Polly want a quacker?"
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.
I'm really ticked that my handmade replica of the Norse god of thunder didn't win top prize at the Medieval Art and Statue Convention.	 	 I guess that makes me a Thor loser.		 
A man walked by a table in a hotel and noticed three men and a dog playing cards. The dog was exhibiting an extraordinary performance.  "That is a very smart dog," the man commented.  "Not really," said one of the irked players. "Every time he gets a good hand he wags his tail."
Little Johnny asked his dad, "What do you do when you put one foot on the boat and the other on the dock?"  "Swim," replied his dad. "You fall in, and then you swim."
Why couldn't the butterfly go to the fancy New Year's Eve dance?  It was a moth ball!
What do you get when you cross a perfect poker hand with a successful bathroom experience by Queen Elizabeth? 	 A Royal Flush!	 
Teacher: What has the 2016 election taught us?  Little Johnny: You don't need to hold press conferences if you have a Twitter account! 
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in...  A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. 
Brenda's five-year-old grandson Logan was spending the evening at his grandparents' home. He asked if he could watch the "Brer Rabbit" video and then made a second request to watercolor.  Brenda asked him which one of the two he wanted to do.  He looked up and replied, "Grandma, I have two eyes. I can do two things at once." 
Want to stop someone right in their tracks?  When you're talking with them and they start a sentence with "Generally speaking", interrupt them immediately and say, "Glad to meet you General, Sir. Ulysses S. Grant speaking!"	 
I don't trust those internet and TV ads about apps. They say they are free, but how do I know I'm not getting charged hidden fees after I download them?    Do they really do what they say they're going to do?  And all those gigabytes they use up! I just feel very uneasy when it comes to this kind of cell phone technology.   I guess that makes me… app-rehensive?			 
During the trade wars of the 18th century, bartering was quite common among seafaring merchants who needed laborers to load and unload their wares at each port. They were willing to trade just about anything to get strong, loyal workers.	 						 At one port, the captain of a merchant ship had his eye on a well-built, muscular potential addition to his crew, whose name was Anwar. He approached Anwar's owner. 							 "I'll trade you 50 pounds of course-grained igneous quartz rock for Anwar," he proposed. 							 "What do you think about the offer, Anwar?" his owner asked him.	 						 "If you ask me," Anwar replied," I don't like being taken for granite!"							 
I always carry a skeleton key with me just in case...  Just in case I have to break into a haunted house. 
Why are Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blitzen always wet?  Because they are rain deer.  
Marine biology researchers have developed a new method to fend off shark attacks.  If you are diving and are approached by a shark, they recommend that you swim towards it aggressively and punch it in the nose as hard as possible.  If this doesn't work, beat the shark with your stump.
If an elephant has a trunk, then just where is his glove compartment? 
I got fired from my restaurant job.     Every time my boss told me to toss a salad, I did.	Right in the dumpster.    His demands could have been expressed a little more clearly.	 
As a buddy and I were walking down the street near the middle of town we decided to turn down a side street we've never traveled on before.  Walking past what appeared to be a retail establishment, all we heard was swearing and cursing coming from within.    And then, following that, we saw two very well dressed gentlemen walking out while continuing their obscenities as they left the store. 				 "What in the world is going on here?" I asked my friend. 				 "I think I read about this place," he replied. "We just walked past the Men's Swearhouse!"				 
Rule number one when it's your first day on the job as a butler...  When your employer tells you to "Draw my bath," DO NOT take out a pencil and a sheet of paper.	 
My father was a gambler when I was growing up, so I thought I would confide in him	this nightmare I kept having. 			 "Dad," I began, "I keep having these dreams about a supernatural evil entity that takes horse racing bets from gamblers. He seems so real to me." 			 "Don't worry, son," my dad assured me. "There's no such thing as the bookey-man."			 
Twas the night before Christmas, in Texas you know, Way out on the prairie, without any snow. Asleep in their cabin, were Buddy and Sue, A'dreaming of Christmas, like me and like you.  Not stockings but boots, at the foot of their beds, For this was Texas, What more need be said? When all of a sudden from out the still night, There came such a ruckus, it gave me a fright!  And I saw cross the prairie, like the shot from a gun, A loaded up buckboard, Come on at a run. The driver was whistling and shouting with a will, The horses (not reindeer) he drove with such skill.  "Come on there Buck, Poncho, and Prince, to the right", There'll be plenty of travelin' for you-all tonight. The driver in his Levis, and a shirt that was red, Had a 10-gallon Stetson on the top of his head.  As he stepped from the buckboard, he was really a sight, With his beard so curly and white. As he burst in the cabin, the children awoke, And both so astonished, that neither one spoke.  And he filled up their boots with such presents galore, That neither could think of a single thing more. When Buddy recovered the use of his jaws, He asked in a whisper, "Are you really Santa Claus?"  "Am I the real Santa? Well, what do you think?  And he smiled as he gave his mysterious wink. Then he left in his buckboard, and called back in a drawl, TO ALL CHILDREN OF TEXAS, MERRY CHRISTMAS YEE HAW! 
 Claim you were a Christmas tree in your former life. If s/he tries to bring one into the room, scream bloody murder.   Go to the mall with your roommate and sit on Santa's lap. Refuse to get off.   Paint your nose red and wear antlers. Constantly complain about how you never get to join in on the games.   Make conversation out of Christmas Carols. (e.g., "You know, I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus underneath the mistletoe last night.")   Sing: "All I want for Christmas is my roommate's two front teeth..."   Give your roommate the gifts from the twelve days of Christmas song.   Build a snowperson with your roommate and place a hat on its head. When it doesn't come to life, cry hysterically, "It didn't work!"   Ring jingle bells maniacally saying, "Every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings!"
What do you call the significant other of a Bohemian chess player?	  Czechmate!	 
What are the facilities called where huskies are trained to start their sleds moving and to speed them up in the Iditarod sled competition? 		 Mush Rooms. 
A little girl waited patiently as child after child sat on Santa's knee when finally her turn came.  "And what would you like for Christmas?" Santa asked.  Shocked, she stood up and looked him in the eye and said, "Didn't you get my text?"
A pastor asked his Bible class, "Why was Jesus born in Bethlehem?"  A student replied, "Because his mother was there." 
I learned from being around my family that duct tape can't fix stupid.  But it sure can muffle the sound!
Why is it quite impossible to starve in the desert?  Because you can always enjoy the sand which is there.
Christmas is in my heart twelve months a year...  And thanks to credit cards, it's on my Visa card statement twelve months a year also. 
Did you hear about the Orange who lost his seat to a Tangerine?  He should have Satsuma...
A Veterinarian was feeling ill and went to see her doctor. The doctor asked her all the usual questions: what were the symptoms, how long had they been occurring, etc. Suddenly, she interrupted him, "Hey look, I'm a vet... I don't need to ask my patients these kind of questions. I can tell what's wrong just by looking." She smugly added, "Why can't you?"  The doctor nodded, stood back, looked her up and down, quickly wrote out a prescription, handed it to her and said, "There you are.  Of course, if that doesn't work, we'll have to have you put to sleep."   
Mrs. Smith needed to have her piano tuned so she asked a friend for a recommendation. She then made an appointment with the piano tuner, Mr. Opperknockity. He arrived two days later, tuned the piano satisfactorily, and left.  Shortly after that, Mrs. Smith noticed that the piano was terribly out of tune again. She called the tuner to complain about it and to ask for a return visit to solve the problem.  However, the tuner replied, "I'm sorry ma'am, but Opperknockity only tunes once!" 
An economist asked, "When was beef the highest?"  A 6 year old replied, "When the cow jumped over the moon?"
What do you call a Turkey with a limp?  A gobble with a wobble.
Why Dogs Can’t Use Computers...  - He’s distracted by cats chasing his mouse. - SIT and STAY were hard enough; CUT and PASTE are out of the question. - Saliva-coated floppy disks refuse to work. - Three words: carpal paw syndrome. - Involuntary tail wagging is a dead give-away that he’s browsing www.purina.com instead of working. - The fire hydrant icon is simply too frustrating. - He can’t help attacking the screen when he hears “You’ve Got Mail”. - It’s too messy to “mark” every Web site he visits. - The FETCH command isn’t available on all platforms. - He can’t stick his head out of Windows. 
Little Johnny asked his father, “Where did I get my intelligence from?”  His father replied, “It must be from your mother... because I still have mine.”
"Hocus Pocus" doesn't work anymore...  I think they changed the password. 
Football is a dangerous sport and players can be hurt while playing. During a college game a player was hit pretty hard on one play. The doctor came onto the field as the teammates huddled around them. He asked the player a few questions as he lay on the field.  "What's three plus three?" the doctor asked him.  "Seven."  "What's the capital of the United States?"  "Alabama."  "Which state is farther east, California or Florida?"  "California."  At this point, the doctor thought the player was confused and probably had suffered a brain concussion so he told the coach to take him out of the game.   The coach quickly spoke up. "Don't do that, Doc. Let him play. He's alright. He didn't know that stuff even before he was hit."
A newsboy was standing on the corner with a stack of papers, yelling, "Read all about it! Fifty people swindled! Fifty people swindled!"  Curious, a man walked over, bought a paper, and said, "Hey kid, this is an old paper, where’s the story about the big swindle?”  The newsboy ignored him and went on calling out, "Read all about it! Fifty-one people swindled!”
Coming into the house after shopping.  Daughter:  Mom, please don't forget to bring in Pip's t-o-y.  Mom: What are you doing? Has your dog learned how to spell? 
2 bedbugs were having a discussion. "I just graduated from bedbug private investigator classes.  I'm going to start performing clandestine and secret investigations." 	 "I figured you'd want to be an 'in your face, take no prisoners, out there' kind of police bug?" 	 "Not really. I do my best work under cover!"	 
Due to finances this year, I'd like to request we lower it from the twelve days of Christmas down to eight. 
Just to clear this matter up once and for all.   It's assumed that when a person get older their mental processes begin to slow down.   Now that I'm older I'm hear to say this assumption has absolutely no merit, my "brame" works just fine! 
Generally, a person has two reasons for doing something...  One reason that sounds good, and then one reason that is the real one. 
My wife and seven year old daughter invited their friends to have a tea party but you had to wear a sun dress and a floppy sun hat if you chose to attend. They had a blast laughing and enjoying themselves for over an hour.   I got to thinking what would be the man equivalent to such a party, so I decided to have a bacon party and the requirement was to wear camouflage.  
Two elderly sisters donated $5 to a charity and, to their surprise, won tickets to a football game. Since they had never seen a live football game before, Madge thought the free tickets would provide an excellent opportunity for doing so.  "I think so, too," said Mabel. "Let's go!"  They soon found themselves high in a noisy stadium overlooking a large, grassy expanse. They watched the kickoff and the seemingly endless back-and-forth struggles that comprised the scoreless first half.  They enjoyed the band music and cheerleader performance that followed. Then came the second half. When the teams lined up for the second-half kickoff, Madge nudged her sister.  "I guess we can go home now, Mabel," she said. "This is where we came in."
Two magnets were having a conversation. "I went on a blind date yesterday" 	 "Oh really…how did it go?"	  "Unfortunately, not so well." 	 "Why not?"	  "There was no attraction."	 
Ducking into confession with a turkey in his arms, Brian said, "Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. I stole this turkey to feed my family. Would you take it and settle my guilt?"  "Certainly not," said the Priest. "As penance, you must return it to the one from whom you stole it."  "I tried," Brian sobbed, "but he refused. Oh, Father, what should I do?"  "If what you say is true, then it is all right for you to keep it for your family."  Thanking the Priest, Brian hurried off.  When confession was over, the Priest returned to his residence. When he walked into the kitchen, he found that someone had stolen his turkey.
Bingo and Bango were two of Santa's elves assigned to make cheese for Christmas food baskets. However, they got into a slight argument about who was to do what.	 	 "I know how to make cheese, Santa," said Bango. "The thickened curds and gelatinized whey separate from coagulated milk.	We then press the mixture and allow it to ripen and cure. Voila, cheese!" 		 "There's a lot more to it than that," said Bingo. "I don't think you're experienced enough." 		 "Can't I just thicken the curds to help make the cheese?" begged Bango. 		 "All right, Bango," conceded Santa. "I'll let you thicken the curds, but Bingo gels all the whey!"		 
So I didn't appear to be a loser, I concocted a story to tell my friends, about my having a girlfriend who lets me put lipstick and rouge on her.   In other words, not only did I make her up, I MADE her up!			 
"I wish I had enough guts to clean these fish I caught," said the squeamish fisherman. 						 "Here's your knife," said his friend as he slapped down a huge bass. "All the courage you need is right in there."						 
Husband: Look dear, I just bought us one of those plug in air fresheners.  But for some reason it's not working. 		 Wife: It's not plugged in. 		 Husband: You mean I have to plug it in for it to start freshening the air?	 	 Wife: It's a plug in air freshener. How can it work if you don't plug it in?    Husband: It makes no scents!		 
Some guy bought a new fridge for his house. To get rid of his old fridge, he put it in his front yard and hung a sign on it saying "Free to good home, You want it... you take it."  For three days the fridge sat there without even one person looking twice at it. He eventually decided that people were too untrusting of this deal so he changed the sign to read "Fridge for sale $50."  The next day someone stole it. 
A man was stopped by the fish and game warden. He had with him two buckets of fish. The fish and game warden asked the man, "Do you have a license to catch all those fish?"  The man replied to the game warden, "No, sir. These are my pet fish."  "Pet fish?" the warden replied.  "Yes, sir. Every night I take these here fish down to the lake and let them swim around. After a while, I whistle and they jump back into their buckets, and I take them back home again."  "That's a bunch of hogwash! Fish can't do that!" was the outburst from the Warden.  The man looked at the game warden for a moment, and then said, "Here, I'll show you. It really works." The man poured the two buckets of fish into the lake and stood and waited. After several minutes, the game warden turned to the man and said, "Well?"  "Well, what?" the man responded.  "When are you going to call them back?" the game warden prompted.  "Call who back?" the man asked.  "The FISH!" the warden said.  "What fish?" the man asked.
I would think you'd have to be open minded to be a brain surgeon... 
Two girlfriends were talking to each other about relationships.	"I put an ad in one of those singles websites looking for a boyfriend." 		 "What kind of guy did you say you were looking for?" 		 "I wanted an ambitious guy who likes to dig in to get the job done and is really down to earth. I think I found him." 		 "So what does he do?" 		 "He's a grave digger."		 
One day on his way to work, a man stopped at the cafeteria as it began to rain. Forgetting that he hadn't brought an umbrella, he reached for the nearest one when he got up to leave.  "That's my umbrella," a woman immediately scolded. Abashed at his mistake, he left and walked to his office. He was drenched by the time he arrived. Once there, he discovered three umbrellas that he had left in the office over the months, and he decided to bring them home at the end of the day.  That afternoon he ran into the same woman who had confronted him earlier. She looked at the umbrellas, then at him, and tartly remarked, "You did real well for yourself today, didn't you?"
Two men sank into adjacent train seats after a long day in the city. One asked the other, "Your son go back to college yet?"  "Two days ago."  "Hmm. Mine's a senior this year, so it's almost over. In May, he'll be an engineer. What's your boy going to be when he gets out of college?"  "At the rate he's going, I'd say he'll be about thirty."  "No, I mean what's he taking in college?"  "He's taking every penny I make."  "Doesn't he burn the midnight oil enough?"  "He doesn't get in early enough to burn the midnight oil."  "Well, has sending him to college done anything at all?"  "Sure has! It's totally cured his mother of bragging about him!"
Top ten things you don't want to hear from your real estate agent when you go to settlement on your new home:  1.  "I think unexplained crop circles add a unique flair to any home's garden." 2.  "Actually, it's only the rear portion of the yard that overlaps the ancient Indian burial ground." 3.  "Yes, the last owner did donate the house to the Hells Angels, but I'm told that the judge has ordered them not to come within 50 feet of it."  4.  "One bleeding mirror doesn't necessarily mean it's haunted." 5.  "Your neighbor has assured me that, technically, they're not 'killer' bees." 6.  "Even if there was a full-scale mudslide, it's unlikely that it would reach as far back as your property."  7.  "It's quite common for roaches to grow that big even when not in the presence of radioactivity." 8.  "Did you know that the punk band 'Grave Robber' holds their practice sessions right next door?" 9.  "It's true that they died in the house, but the prosecutor was never actually able to prove it was murder." 10.  "You can barely hear the sheet metal factory at night."
Growing up, I was really jealous of my best friend.  His grandmother lived in a two story house which he went over to visit quite often.    My grandmother lived in a one story house.   The only story I ever heard was "The Little Engine That Could", OVER AND OVER AGAIN! 
I went to see my doctor this morning. “Some one decided to graffiti my house last night!” I raged.   “So why are you telling me?” the doctor asked.  “I can't understand the writing,” I replied. “Was it you?”
A homeowner in the former USSR puts a call in to the plumber to request an appointment to get his toilet fixed. The plumber says hold while he looks it up in his appointment book.  Plumber:   Okay, I can be by you on a Wednesday, in 3 years, 7 months, and five days from now.  Customer:   Will that be morning or evening?  Plumber:    Why do you ask?  Customer:    Because the electrician is coming in the morning. 
Two women were talking on the phone. "Gilda, I just saw an ad on TV advertising a new weight loss program. It's called 'Your Chance to be Slim'." 			 "I heard about 'Your Chance to be Slim', Olga, and I know some people who tried it," replied Gilda.	 		 "And how did go for them?" 			 "Not good."	 		 "So what do you think the prognosis is of ME losing weight on this diet?"			  "Slim chance."			 
A first grade teacher collected old, well-known proverbs. She gave each kid in her class the first half of a proverb, and had them come up with the rest. Here are the results:  * Better be safe than ... Punch a 5th Grader.   * It's always darkest before ... Daylight saving time.   * You can lead a horse to water, but ... How?   * You can't teach an old dog ... Math.   * Love all, trust ... Me.   * The pen is mightier than the ... Pigs.   * You get out of something what you ... See pictured on the box.   * When the blind leadeth the blind ... Get out of the way.   * There is no fool like ... Aunt Eddie.
Two drunk friends called a private taxi. The taxi arrived and saw how drunk and noisy they were. The driver realized the trip would be difficult given their condition. He told them to get in and pretended to drive the stationed vehicle.  A few minutes later he told them they had arrived at their destination. The passengers got out and shouted at him saying, "Was it necessary to drive so fast?" 
A regular customer walks into the bar and says, "Bartender, one round for everyone, on me!"  The bartender says, "Well, seems you're in a really good mood tonight."  The man replies, "I sure am! Yesterday I was hired by the city to go around and collect money from the parking meters!"  The bartender congratulates the man and proceeds to pour the round. The next night the same man walks back in, "Bartender, two rounds for everyone, on me!"  The bartender says, "If you're so happy just over having this new job, I can just imagine how happy you'll be when you get your first paycheck!"  With a wondrous look on his face, the man pulls out a handful of quarters from his pocket and says, "You mean they're gonna pay me too?"
My husband was trying to embarrass me at a party by carrying on about all the stuff women carry in their purses.  Instead of blushing I said, “You’re right. There IS too much stuff in my purse.” So, I removed his wallet, cigarettes, lighter, and car keys and handed them to him.  When he asked what he was supposed to do with them, I smile and said, “Get your own purse!” 
I believe that the most popular name for a cat should be Waldo.    I mean, don't you eventually end up asking where your cat is every day?	 
The Pink Panther's "To Do List":  To do to do To do to do to do To do to doooooo... 
Item in the "Cyclops Dating for Dummies" book:  Never date a cyclops much shorter than you.	  Why?    You'll never see eye to eye on anything.	 
If you come home like I do and find your cat had his tail removed from fighting, just take your cat to Walmart...  They're the best re-tailer!
"Everyone has feelings, except for snakes and principals." - Donna Maria G, age 9  "Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and the world laughs at you." - Rob P, age 8  "If life gives you nothing but lemons, make up a better shopping list for it." - Steven B, age 8  "Moses came down with the Ten Amendments, which were God's Bill of Wrongs." - Susie F., age 7  "Doctors automatically know what's wrong with you. They have a sick sense." - Beau M., age 10   
Two friends are driving in a car. Phil, from the passenger seat, is yelling instructions. 		 "You idiot! You were supposed to turn left!" 		 "Make a U-Turn now! You're going to get lost!" 		 "OK then, merge left onto the freeway."	 	 "Dummy, you missed the freeway! Now it's going to take forever to get where you're going!" You're hopeless! 		 "Say, Phil, what's up with that ornery voice?"	asks Tom, from the driver seat. 	 "Sorry, Tom, that's my GPS-WAAS talking."	 	 "What's a GPS-WAA?"	 	 "GPS With An Attitude!"		 
As patrons were shopping at the mall around Christmas, Bill and Fred heard a commotion coming from the area where Santa greets the children. "What do you suppose is going on?" asked Bill. 					 A nearby shopper told them that the new Santa Clause, an eccentric old fellow, had attached dozens of clocks, watches, and other various timepieces onto his big wide belt, circling his whole body. 					 "Let's go see him," said Fred. "He sounds like a nut, but it's worth checking out."					  "Naw, I'm not interested," replied Bill. 					 "Why don't you want to see Santa with a bunch of clocks tied around his midriff?"					  "I'll tell you why. It's a waist of time!"
I am so Broke... when I stop at a street corner, the homeless give me money.  I am so Broke... my bank statement shows TWO decimals points on my current balance.  I am so Broke... a televangelist said that all of His children will prosper, except this guy and shows my picture.  I am so Broke... mathematicians can now show that if you divide any number by zero, it will equal what is in my bank account.   I am so Broke... I can't afford anything Free.   I am so Broke... even my IP address is 00.00.00.00  I am so Broke... I am proof that multiplying a negative and a negative WILL give you a negative again.  I am so Broke... when I use a calculator to get the value of Pi, all I get is .1
Q. If it took eight men ten hours to build a wall, how long would it take four men to build it?  A. No time at all since it is already built.
What do you call a stoner who is completing their PhD?  A Hypothesis
 On one occasion William Howard Taft, in his work as an attorney, took a train to Somerville, about 40 miles north of his home in Cincinnati.  At the end of the day he knew that the policy of the railway was not to stop for just one passenger to board. He therefore sent this telegram: "Stop at Somerville for a large party."  As the train came to a halt, Taft began to board the train, and conductor asked, "Where's the large party?"  Taft, with all of his 335 pounds replied, "I AM the large party."
When A Man and a Woman get a haircut...  Women: Woman 2: Oh! You got a haircut! That's so cute!  Woman 1: Do you think so? I wasn't sure when she gave me the mirror. I mean, you don't think it's too fluffy looking?  Woman 2: Oh God no! No, it's perfect. I'd love to get my hair cut like that, but I think my face is too wide. I'm pretty much stuck with this stuff I think.  Woman 1: Are you serious? I think your face is adorable. And you could easily get one of those layer cuts - that would look so cute I think. I was actually going to do that except that I was afraid it would accent my long neck.  Woman 2: Oh - that's funny! I would love to have your neck! Anything to take attention away from this two-by-four I have for a shoulder line.  Woman 1: Are you kidding? I know girls that would love to have your shoulders. Everything drapes so well on you. I mean, look at my arms - see how short they are? If I had your shoulders I could get clothes to fit me so much easier.  Men: Man 2: Haircut?  Man 1: Yeah.
Old man walks up and says, "For sixty years I've been trying to figure out why we vote in November.  Finally found the answer this year."  "Why's that?"  "Better selection of turkeys!"
Someone once said that anything is possible...    So isn't it possible that I will never do anything? 
Mary hated the idea of surgery. So she was very upset when the doctor informed her that she needed a tonsillectomy. Mary after much deliberation, decided to go ahead and have the procedure.    While she and the nurse were filling out an admission form, she was so nervous she couldn't think straight or hardly speak. The nurse, being a compassionate sort, patted her hand and said, "Don't worry. This is a simple medical procedure, and a problem that can easily be fixed."   "I am sure you are right. I'm being silly," Mary said, "Please continue."   "Good," the nurse went on, "Now, do you have a living will?"
"I read somewhere that they're going to launch some weasels up in a rocket." 	 "So where are they headed?" 	 "Otter space, of course!"	 
The owner of a factory that manufactures thick, brown syrup, produced during the refining of sugar, called his production crew in. "We have more work than we have people do it," he told his staff. "And, I find that	 the women we've hired in the past do a far better job then the men."				  "What do you suggest we do?" asked one employee. 				 "It's simple," the owner said. "We need mo'lasses!"				 
Knock, knock.  Who's there?  Duane  Duane who?  Duane the bathtub, I'm drowning! 
People seem to get nostalgic about a lot of things they weren't so crazy about the first time around. 
I got up early this morning, still dark out, and went into the bathroom.  Thinking I was grabbing the bottle of Listerine, I started gargling with Kaopectate. 	 My  wife is thrilled. "Great!" she said. "Maybe you'll no longer have diarrhea of the mouth!"	 
Two buffalo were standing on the range when a passing tourist said, "Those are the mangiest, scroungiest, most moth-eaten, miserable beasts I have ever seen."  One of the buffalo turned to the other and said, "You know, I think I just heard a discouraging word.
One day the esophagus asked the saliva what its name was.   "I'm too embarrassed to say," said the saliva.  "Come on," said the esophagus.  "Fine. My name's Amy, Amylase." 
The following was the answering machine message for an elementary school:  "Hello! You have reached your child's elementary school. In order to assist you in connecting the right staff member, please listen to all your options before making a selection:  To lie about why your child is absent - Press 1.  To make excuses for why your child did not do his work - Press 2.  To complain about what we do - Press 3.  To cuss out staff members - Press 4.  To ask why you didn't get information that was already enclosed in your newsletter and several flyers mailed to you - Press 5.  If you want us to raise your child - Press 6.  If you want to reach out and touch, slap or hit someone - Press 7.  To request another teacher for the third time this year - Press 8.  To complain about bus transportation - Press 9.  To complain about school lunches - Press 0.  If you realize this is the real world and your child must be accountable/responsible for his/her own behavior, class work, homework, and that it's not the teachers fault for your child(ren)'s lack of effort, hang up, and have a nice day!"
Two high school buddies decided once and for all to prove who was the faster swimmer. They picked a large stream near their old high school, and the first one to swim to the other side would be declared the winner. Harvey, a friend of Bill, the so-called underdog, had a plan. 					 "For some reason," Harvey explained to Bill's other rooters, "Bill loves jokes, and when he hears or reads good, funny jokes, it gets his adrenaline going, and nothing can stop him." 					 Harvey then grabs a joke book and hands it to Bill before the whistle blew to start the race. "And they're off!" the whistle blower shouted. 					 Halfway across, picking the winner was practically a no-brainer. "Bill's going to win!" yelled one.  "He's actually chuckling and giggling, reading that joke book while swimming to the slope bordering the other side of the stream." 					 "What's he accomplishing by doing that?" 					 "He's laughing all the way to the bank!"
Burying your head in the sand doesn't make your problems go away.   It does, however, create a new problem.    Makes you a great target for people who like to kick butt and really get things done.			 
Pool Player #1:  "I nicknamed the cue ball on my pool table 'Itch'." 		 Pool Player #2:  "Why?" 		 Pool Player #1:  "I'm always scratching it!"		 
I wrote a short story about a carnival, that I blogged on the internet.   I called it my,	"Fair e-Tale."	 
8. "Thank goodness for these evaluations. They keep me focused."  7. "I can't BELIEVE I get paid for this!"  6. "Here class... just put all your gym shoes in this box next to my desk."  5. "I bet all the people in our administration really miss teaching."  4. "Gosh, the bathroom smells so fresh and clean!"  3. "It must be true... the school news said so."  2. "I think the discipline around here is just a LITTLE too strict!"  1. "It's Friday already!!!"
Here are a few funny insurance claims people supposedly have made:  * "Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't have."  * "The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its intention."  * "I thought my window was down, but I found it was up when I put my head through it."  * "The guy was all over the road. I had to swerve a number of times before I hit him."  * "I had been shopping for plants all day and was on my way home. As I reached an intersection a hedge sprang up, obscuring my vision and I did not see the other car."  * "An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my car and vanished."  * "I was unable to stop in time, and my car crashed into the other vehicle. The driver and passengers then left immediately for a vacation with injuries."  * "When I could not avoid a collision, I stepped on the gas and crashed into the other car."  * "I had been driving for forty years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident."
My last name is Pines. 		 My parents named me Phillip. 		 I've never forgiven them for that. 		 And no, I've NEVER been there!		 
Sign I want on the side of my coffin...  "Don't take life too seriously. Now this, THIS is serious!" 								 
A man asks a farmer near a field, “Sorry sir, would you mind if I crossed your field instead of going around it? You see, I have to catch the 4:23 train.”  The farmer says, “Sure, go right ahead. And if my bull sees you, you’ll even catch the 4:11 one.”
Is there such a thing as a rhetorical answer? 
My wife never quite got the hang of the 24-hour military clock. One day she called the base orderly room to speak with me. The person who answered told her to call me at the extension in the band rehearsal hall.  "He can be reached at 4700, Ma'am," the soldier advised.  With a sigh of exasperation, my wife responded, "And just what time is that?" 
I applied for a position as a magicians assistant, laying on the table as he cuts me in half with a giant saw.   I figured it's a job I could really get in-two.		 
In the state of Texas, it was determined that 80% of all visits to the emergency room started with someone uttering the phrase, "Hold my beer and watch this!" 
Why do cowboys need two spurs?   Are they afraid one side of the horse might take off galloping by itself?
Dad: You're telling me your entire class got an A in philosophy? How?  Son: We proved the professor didn't exist. What could she do?
Just remember, every silver lining has a cloud.
"Mom, you said the baby had your eyes and Daddy's nose, didn't you?"  "Yes, darling."  "Well, you'd better keep an eye on him... he's got grandpa's teeth now.
Brain cells come...  And brain cells go....  But oh how those fat cells remain forever...
Jeopardy answer: "Phew! I'm glad I got that off my chest!" 		 Jeopardy question:  What did the target of the carnival hatchet thrower say after an errant throw?		 
My chiropractor is no comic, but he really cracks me up. 
I went to a concert the other night...  I didn't mind being so high up in the stands that I could barely make out the stage...  But to add insult to injury, did the ushers really have to hand out tissues for nosebleeds?		 
The moonshiner artist excelled at "still" life.
A guy was unfortunate enough to be hit by a truck and ended up in the hospital. His best friend came to visit him.   The guy struggles to tell his friend, "My wife Sadie visits me three times a day. She's so good to me. Every day, she reads to me at the bedside."  "What does she read?" the friend asks.  "My life insurance policy."
Why did Frankie Avalon get fired from his moonlighting job as a high wire walker in the circus?	  Because he refused to perform without Annette.	 
There's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator... and you can't cross it!
Why do they have frosted glass on airplane toilet windows?  Who's going to look in at thirty thousand feet!
What do you call twelve bouncers all in the same Manhattan bar? 	 The New York Knicks 
Yo momma's teeth so yellow, she makes cars slow down.
Driving down the street in Sydney, Australia, I was pulled over and given a ticket for "failing to yield to a leaping marsupial".   And then I knew the fix was in, when on the citation it stated that I was to appear in Kangaroo Court!				 
Shirley Temple walks into a bar.	  "What'll it be, little lady?" asks the bartender.	  Replies Shirley, "I'll have a Me!"	 
The national vegetation cross-breeding championship was underway, and a couple of ladies were perusing	all of the edible fare that were exhibited. 					 "Look at these strange vegetables," remarked Sally. "Peas cross-bred with carrots, broccoli with corn; how unusual the way they look when farmers do this to our food." 					 "What are the chances that food as strange looking as these are okay to eat?" asked Mary. 					 "I think the odds are pretty good," said Sally. 					 "Well, I think the GOODS are pretty odd." Mary replied. "I'll pass!"			 
A Pastor said to a six-year-old boy, "So your mother says your prayers for you each night? That's very commendable. What does she say?"  The little boy replied, "Thank God he's in bed!" 
The most dangerous part of parenting is when I'm barefoot and reenacting the shattered glass scene from Die Hard in a darkened room full of legos.
An archaeologist was digging in the Negev Desert in Israel and came upon a casket containing a mummy. After examining it, he called the curator of a prestigious natural history museum.  "I've just discovered a 3,000 year old mummy of a man who died of heart failure!" the excited scientist exclaimed.  To which the curator replied, "Bring him in. We'll check it out."  A week later, the amazed curator called the archaeologist. "You were right about the mummy's age and cause of death. How in the world did you know?"  "Simple, there was a piece of paper in his hand that said, 'Put me down for 10,000 Shekels on Goliath.'"
It can be fatal to live too long... 
Dr. Stitchem was trying very hard to convince Percy that he should give up drinking.   "Ever notice a cactus plant?" he asked Percy. "If you pour water around its roots it thrives, turns greener, and grows bigger. Take the same cactus plant. Pour vile liquor on it and what happens? It shrivels, it shrinks, it dies. Doesn't this teach you anything?"  "Yes," said Percy. "If you want a cactus growing in your stomach drink water."
A friend and I stayed at a Chicago hotel while attending a convention. Since we weren't used to the big city, we were overly concerned about security.  The first night we placed a chair against the door and stacked our luggage on it. To complete the barricade, we put the trash can on top. If an intruder tried to break in, we'd be sure to hear him.  Around 1 a.m. there was a knock on the door. "Who is it?" my friend asked nervously.  "Honey," a woman on the other side yelled, "you left your key in the door."
If some people said what they thought, they'd be speechless. 
My  eleven month old was sitting in her high chair, twisting and moving all over the place. My wife said to me, “Straighten her up.”  I looked at my daughter and said, “Young lady, what are you doing with your life? Do you want to be this way forever? It’s time to grow up.”  My wife didn't find it as amusing as I did. 
A Photon checks into a hotel and the bellhop asks him if he has any luggage.   The Photon replies, "No I'm traveling light."
The boss over heard an employee singing during work and it sounded awful. He asked, "Is that in the key of L?"  Puzzled, the employee says, "Key of L? I'm not really sure?"  The boss replies, "Well it sure sounds like L to me!"
What did the lazy pair of scissors say the to dotted line?  You are tear-able!
Mom: Hi. Son: I'm in a meeting....BRB.  Mom: BRB means???? Son: Be Right back.  Mom: Okay, IAW. Son: IAW?  Mom: I Am Waiting.  Son: That's not an abbreviation mom!  Mom: Why? Only you can make one? Who do you think you are? I can make one up too.
The company had an employee suggestion competition. The entire staff was asked to submit entries that would save money for the firm.   The winner was a man who suggested the company save paper by posting corporate memos on bulletin boards, instead of printing 200 individual copies for distribution. He won a helium balloon with the company logo and one share of stock.  A memo announcing the winner went out to 200 people.
A man decided that he was going to ride a 10-speed bike from Phoenix to Flagstaff.  He got as far as Black Canyon City before the mountains just became too much and he could go no farther. He stuck his thumb out, but after three hours he hadn't gotten a single person to stop. Finally a guy in a Corvette pulled over and offered him a ride. Of course, the bike wouldn't fit in the car. The owner of the Corvette found a piece of rope lying by the highway and tied it to his bumper. He tied the other end to the bike and told the man that if he got to going too fast to honk the horn on his bike and he would slow down.  Everything went fine for the first 30 miles. Suddenly, another Corvette blew past them. Not to be outdone, the Corvette pulling the bike took off after the other. A short distance down the road, the Corvettes--both going well over 120 mph--blew through a speed trap. The police officer noted the speeds from his radar gun and radioed to another officer that he had two Corvettes heading his way at over 120 mph.   He then relayed, "And you're not going to believe this, but there's guy on a 10-speed bike honking to pass!"
There are 10 birds sitting on a fence...  If you shoot one down, how many are left?  None, they all flew away!
Why are corners so hot?   Because they are 90 degrees!
Harry arrived early for his date and he waited in the living room while she finished getting ready. Her pup walked into the room with a ball. He tossed the ball and the pup fetched it.  He repeated the game a few times when the ball bounced too high and went out on to the patio of the 23 story building. The eager pup chased it as it bounced high against the wall and unfortunately went over the wall and down the 23 floors.  Shaken, Harry struggled with how he could possibly explain what happened to his date. When she entered the room, Harry said, "Did you notice how depressed your pup seemed to be today?"
The drunk asked the bartender, "Do your lemons have legs?"  "No," said the bartender, "why do you ask?"  The drunk replied, "I think I just squeezed your canary into my drink."
If I can lose just 20 pounds... then I'll be down to the weight I never thought I'd be able to get up to!
A man finds a lamp. He rubs it and a Genie emerges. The Genie tells him he will be granted three wishes. The man thinks for a moment and says, "First, give me a bottomless mug of beer."  A mug of beer appears in his hand. He sips it once, then again and the mug is magically refilled. The man is thrilled and continues to drink. The mug never empties.  Then the Genie says, "And what about your other two wishes?"  The guy thinks for a moment and says, "Give me two more just like this one!"
I went into my local wireless store looking for a solution to a problem.  		 "I have a horse that I can't seem to get going when I mount him," I told the customer service representative. "Nellie won't listen to my commands, and when she does start moving, it's just a slow, lazy trot." 		 "I have just what you need for your phone," the rep replied. 		 "And what would that be?" 		 "The latest version of the "Giddy-App!"
Father Pedro was called to a house to attempt to expel an evil spirit from an elderly woman.  He brought an assistant pastor to help with the procedure. The woman's daughter answered the door and motioned to where her mother was sitting. The Father walked over to the woman, waved a cross, and shouted, "Out, demon!" 					 He then tore off his robe, revealing running shoes and jogging shorts. Then, he rushed out the door and ran a quick mile around the block. Returning to the house and donning his robe, he went over to the woman and shouted, "Out, you filthy devil!"   And again, after removing his priest's outfit, he was out the door to run another mile. The old woman's daughter was confused about the priest's behavior and asked the assistant	pastor, "What in the world is going on here?"	 				 To which the pastor answered, "Oh, that's just the way Father Pedro exorcises!"
If all your problems are behind you...  Then you might be a school bus driver! 
You know a mother once told her ambitious wall street son, "Money will not make you happy."  "That's true mom, but it will make you miserable in a better environment."
Joe was invited by his friend Steve to go hunting quail over the weekend. Steve was very excited to show off his new hunting dog to Joe. That weekend, they were out in the country walking thru thick grasslands when Steve's hunting dog stop, went into a pointing position towards some bushes, and then tapped the ground three times.  Steve told Joe that his dog is telling him three quails are in the bushes . Sure enough three quails flew out of the bushes into the air. Joe shot one and Steve got the other two. This went on most of the day with the dog tapping the ground the number of quail that were in the bushes and the guys shooting them when they flew out.  Nearing the end of their hunting trip, Steve's dog stopped and froze near a large bush. He sat there for a minute and then ran off and returned with a branch in his mouth and started moving his head left to right. Joe was confused at this new behavior and asked Steve what was going on. Steve replied, "My dog is telling us there are more quail in there than you can shake a stick at!" 
 TO MY WIFE: My overdraft at the bank. Maybe she can explain it.  TO MY BANKER: My soul. He has the mortgage on it anyway.  TO MY NEIGHBOR: My clown suit. He'll need it if he continues to farm as he has in the past.  TO THE ASCS: My grain bin. I was planning to let them take it next year anyway.  TO THE FARM ADVISER: 50 bushels of corn to see if he can hit the market. I never did.  TO THE JUNK MAN: All my machinery. He's had his eye on it for years.  TO MY UNDERTAKER: A special request. I want six implement and fertilizer dealers for my pallbearers. They're used to carrying me.  TO THE WEATHERMAN: Rain, sleet and snow for the funeral please. No sense having good weather now.  TO THE GRAVEDIGGER: Don't bother. The hole I'm in should be big enough.  TO THE MONUMENT MAKER:  For the epitaph:  "Here lies a farmer who has now properly assumed all of his obligations."
What did the the owl devil say to the sinning owl?  Owl be damned!
What do you call an owl that does magic?  Hoodini!
Some deer were talking with each other in the woods. 		 "There goes Barney the buck, out on his sales route." 		 "They say he's their top selling salesdeer, selling cosmetics to the ladies." 		 "I wonder what makes him so successful?" 		 "It's simple. He goes doe to doe!"		 
Kanye West recently gave his wife, Kim Kardashian, a massive second diamond engagement ring.  Kim said, “Wow, thank you so much.”  While every married guy in America said, “Yeah, thanks A LOT Kanye!”
A boy with a pea shooter, ran out of ammunition, and discovering a box of laxative pills, tried one in his blow gun. To his great joy, it fit.   There was a boarding house near by, and every Wednesday noon a big pan of custard was placed upon the window sill to cool. From his vantage point in the window of another house, the boy shot all the pills into the custard.   The boy soon found out that he was an expert marksman and the custom of custard on Wednesday quickly passed into history at the boarding house.
A couple took a puddle-jumping flight with 4 stops on the way to Dallas. At the first stop, a little white truck drove up to the plane's wing.  Wife: "What's that truck doing?"  Husband: "We're taking on more fuel."  The refueling process was repeated at the next two stops as well.  At the last stop before Dallas:  Husband: "Ya know, in spite of all these delays, we're making pretty good time."   Wife (pointing out the window): "Maybe -- but that little white truck is keeping up with us!"
If we find life on other planets, what would happen to the Miss Universe pageant? 
So what comes next, after the man bun?  Why the 'He-hive' of course!
I don't believe anything atoms say...  ... they make up everything!
An auto mechanic received a repair order that read: "Check for clunking sound when going around corners."  Taking the car out for a test drive, he made a right turn, and a moment later he heard a clunk.  He then made a left turn and again heard a clunk. Back at the shop, he opened the car's trunk, and soon discovered the problem.   Promptly he returned the repair order to the service manager with this notation: "Remove bowling ball from trunk".
Rules for Work...  1.  Never give me work in the morning. Always wait until 4:00 and then bring it to me. The challenge of a deadline is refreshing.  2.  If it's really a rush job, run in and interrupt me every 10 minutes to inquire how it's going. That helps. Or even better, hover behind me, advising me at every keystroke.  3.  Always leave without telling anyone where you're going. It gives me a chance to be creative when someone asks where you are.  4.  If my arms are full of papers, boxes, books, or supplies, don't open the door for me.  I need to learn how to function as a paraplegic and opening doors with no arms is good training in case I should ever be injured and lose all use of my limbs.  5.  If you give me more than one job to do, don't tell me which is the priority. I am psychic.  6.  Do your best to keep me late. I adore this office and really have nowhere to go or anything to do. I have no life beyond work.  7.  If a job I do pleases you, keep it a secret. If that gets out, it could mean a promotion.  8.  If you don't like my work, tell everyone. I like my name to be popular in conversations. I was born to be whipped.  9.  If you have special instructions for a job, don't write them down.  In fact, save them until the job is almost done. No use confusing me with useful information.  10. Never introduce me to the people you're with. I have no right to know anything. In the corporate food  chain, I am plankton. When you refer to them later, my shrewd deductions will identify them.  11. Be nice to me only when the job I'm doing for you could really change your life and send you straight to manager's hell.  12. Tell me all your little problems. No one else has any and it's nice to know someone is less fortunate. I especially like the story about having to pay so much taxes on the bonus check you received for being such a good manager.  13. Wait until my yearly review and THEN tell me what my goals SHOULD have been. Give me a mediocre performance rating with a cost of living increase. I'm not here for the money anyway. 
Maybe it's just me, but it seems like every time I go to see the doctor, all I hear coming out of his mouth is a DIE-agnosis?	 
I feel like I'm in a rut. Every time I go to bed at night, I find myself just getting up again in the morning. 
		                                           A three-fer: 					 What do you get when you cross a former vice president with a slasher film?							 A: An Al Gore-fest! 							 What do you get when you cross a former "90210" actress  with a national youth contest?	 A: A Tori Spelling-Bee! 							 What do you get when you cross a presidential candidate with a wind instrument? A: A Donald Trump-pet!							 
1. The Wall Street Journal is read by the people who run the country.  2. The Washington Post is read by people who think they run the country.  3. The New York Times is read by people who think they should run the country and who are very good at crossword puzzles.  4. USA Today is read by people who think they ought to run the country but don't really understand The New York Times. They do, however, like their statistics shown in pie charts.  5. The Los Angeles Times is read by people who wouldn't mind running the country--if they could find the time--and if they didn't have to leave Southern California to do it.  6. The Boston Globe is read by people whose parents used to run the country and did a far superior job of it, thank you very much.  7. The New York Daily News is read by people who aren't too sure who's running the country and don't really care as long as they can get a seat on the train.  8. The New York Post is read by people who don't care who's running the country as long as they do something really scandalous, preferably while intoxicated. 9. The Miami Herald is read by people who are running another country but need the baseball scores. 10. The San Francisco Chronicle is read by people who aren't sure there is a country ... or that anyone is running it; but if so, they oppose all that they stand for. There are occasional exceptions if the leaders are handicapped minority feminist atheist dwarfs who also happen to be illegal aliens from any other country or galaxy, provided of course, that they are not Republicans.  11. The National Enquirer is read by people trapped in line at the grocery store.  12. The Pensacola News Journal is read by people who have recently caught a fish and need something in which to wrap it.
“Today,” said the professor, “I will be lecturing about the kidneys, intestines, pancreas, and the liver.”  One med student leaned toward his friend sitting next to him, “Great, we have to sit through another organ recital.”
The husband was watching TV as his wife was out cutting the grass during the hot summer. He went out to ask his wife what was for supper. She was quite irritated about him sitting in the air conditioned house all day, so she shot back at him, "Think of me as dead from now on and do what you would do if I was."  So he went back in the house and fixed him a big steak, potato and a big glass of tea. She walked in about the time he was finishing up and asked him, "So you fixed something to eat? Where is mine?"  He replied, "I didn't fix you anything as I thought you were dead." 
Two elderly women were out driving in a large car. Both could barely see over the dashboard. Cruising along, they came to an intersection. The stoplight was red, but they just went on through. The woman in the passenger seat thought, "I must be losing my mind. I swear we just went through a red light."  A few minutes later, they came to another intersection, and the light was red again. Again, they went right through. This time, the woman in the passenger seat was almost sure that the light had been red but was really concerned that she was mistaken. She was getting nervous and decided to pay very close attention to the next intersection to see what was going on.  At the next intersection, sure enough, the light was definitely red, and yet they went right through. She turned to the woman driving and said, "Mildred! Did you know we just ran through three red lights in a row! You could have killed us!"  Mildred turned to her and said, "Oh, am I driving?"
The temporary Sunday School teacher was struggling to open a combination lock on the supply cabinet. She had been told the combination, but couldn't quite remember it. Finally she went to the pastor's study and asked for help.  The pastor came into the room and began to turn the dial. After the first two numbers he paused and stared blankly for a moment. Finally he looked serenely heavenward and his lips moved silently. Then he looked back at the lock, and quickly turned to the final number, and opened the lock. The teacher was amazed. "I'm in awe at your faith, pastor," she said.  "It's really nothing," he answered. "The number is on a piece of tape on the ceiling." 
Morris the cat and Duke the dog were talking with each other.							 Morris: "What's up Duke? You look like you're in pain."							 Duke: "Mmm er mmme errmmm." 							 Morris: "What'd you say? I can't understand you."	 						 Duke (pointing off to the side): "Uhhhhh mmmm eeeeerrrrruf." 							 Morris then looks off to the side where he sees his cousin Felix running away with something hanging out of his mouth. 							 Duke (still pointing): "Thhhhh eeee rrrrrrf uuuhh!"	 						 Morris: "Oh, I get it. Cat got your tongue huh?"							 
If a criminal sells illegal tennis rackets on the black market...  Does that make him guilty of racketeering?		 
Daisy and Bullett, two horses, were talking. "Woe is me!" said Daisy. 						 "Why so glum, chum?" asked Bullett. 						 "I really don't feel that down," Daisy replied.  "It's just that my owner, Roy, keeps reinforcing affliction and distress upon me. It happens every time we hit the trail."					 	 "I think you're imagining things, " countered Bullett. 						 "Here comes Roy now, for a ride. I'll prove it to you." Daisy trots off with Roy on his back.  They run a half mile or so, then turn around. As they rounded the corner towards Bullett's pen, he heard Roy yell, "Whoa, Daisy, whoa!" 						 "What'd I tell you?" Daisy shouted to Bullett. "Woe is me!"						 
I waited for a very long time for my number to be called at the Department of Motor Vehicles to renew my driver's license. As I approached the window, the clerk asked how she could help me.   I replied, "I need to get a haircut, can you save me my spot?"  She said, "Why didn't you get a haircut before your came here?"  I replied, "I didn't need one before I got here!"
Dewey dragged himself into his doctor's office one day looking very exhausted. "Doctor," he said, "there are dogs all over my neighborhood. They bark all day and all night, and I can't get a wink of sleep!"   "I have good news for you, Dewey," the doctor said, rummaging through a drawer full of sample medications. "Here are some new sleeping pills that were just approved. They work like a dream. Just a few of these and your troubles will be over."  "Great," said Dewey, "I'll try anything. Let's give it a shot."  The doctor gave him the pills. Dewey thanked him and left.  Two weeks later, Dewey came back to the doctor's office looking worse than ever. "Doc, your plan is no good. I'm more tired than ever!" Dewey exclaimed.  "I don't understand how that could be," said the doctor, shaking his head. "Those are the strongest pills on the market!"  "That may be true," answered Dewey wearily, "but I'm still up all night chasing those dogs and when I finally catch one, it's really hard getting him to swallow the pill!"
Senior citizens have taken to texting with gusto. They even have their own vocabulary:  BFF: Best Friend Fainted BYOT: Bring Your Own Teeth CBM: Covered by Medicare FWB: Friend with Beta-blockers LMDO: Laughing My Dentures Out GGPBL: Gotta Go, Pacemaker Battery Low!
What do you call an escalator that stalls? 			 Stairs!			 
About all you can get with a nickel these days is heads or tails. 
Joe says, "How are the golf lessons going Mike?"  "Great, I learned I am standing too close to the ball....after I hit it."
Old Joe was playing golf all alone as he stood on the 150 yard, par three, 9th hole. Just as Joe approached the tee a voice from the heavens said, "Joe use a new ball."   Joe looked around and not a soul was in view, so he put a brand new ball on the tee. Before he could take his shot the same voice called, "Joe, take a practice swing."  Joe obeyed and swung as hard as he could, slightly off balance at the end.  The same voice called one last time, "Joe, use an old ball."
1. American Express calls and says: "Leave home without it!"  2. Your idea of a 7-course meal is taking a deep breath outside a restaurant.  3. You're formulating a plan to rob the food bank.  4. Long distance companies don't call you to switch.  5. You look at your roommate and see a large fried chicken in tennis shoes.  6. Your rob Peter... and then rob Paul.  7. You finally clean your house, hoping to find change.  8. You think of a lottery ticket as an investment.  9. Your bologna has no first name.  10. You give blood everyday... just for the orange juice.
A man was showing his friend a new set of matched golf clubs he had just bought.  "Doctor's orders," the man told his friend. "My wife and I have been gaining too much weight and we went to see the doctor about it. He said we needed more exercise, so I joined the country club and bought myself this set of golf clubs."  "What about your wife?" the friend asked. "What did you buy her?"  "A new lawn mower," the golfer said.
Cocktail lounge, Norway: "LADIES ARE REQUESTED NOT TO HAVE CHILDREN IN THE BAR."  On an Athi River highway: "TAKE NOTICE: WHEN THIS SIGN IS UNDER WATER, THIS ROAD IS IMPASSABLE."  In a City restaurant: "OPEN SEVEN DAYS A WEEK AND WEEKENDS.  Hotel, Japan: "YOU ARE INVITED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHAMBERMAID."  In the lobby of a Moscow hotel across from a Russian Orthodox monastery: "YOU ARE WELCOME TO VISIT THE CEMETERY WHERE FAMOUS RUSSIAN AND SOVIET COMPOSERS, ARTISTS, AND WRITERS ARE BURIED DAILY EXCEPT THURSDAY."  Taken from a menu, Poland: "SALAD A FIRM'S OWN MAKE; LIMPID RED BEET SOUP WITH CHEESY DUMPLINGS IN THE FORM OF A FINGER; ROASTED DUCK LET LOOSE; BEEF RASHERS BEATEN IN THE COUNTRY PEOPLE'S FASHION."  Supermarket, Hong Kong: "FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, WE RECOMMEND COURTEOUS, EFFICIENT SELF-SERVICE."  From the "Soviet Weekly": "THERE WILL BE A MOSCOW EXHIBITION OF ARTS BY 15,000 SOVIET REPUBLIC PAINTERS AND SCULPTORS. THESE WERE EXECUTED OVER THE PAST TWO YEARS."  On the door of a Moscow hotel room: "IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST VISIT TO MOSCOW, YOU ARE WELCOME TO IT."  A laundry in Rome: "LADIES, LEAVE YOUR CLOTHES HERE AND SPEND THE AFTERNOON HAVING A GOOD TIME."
I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together...  It was riveting. 
So this guy has the courage -- but not always the skills -- to tackle any home-repair project. For example, his garage was littered with the pieces of a lawn mower he once tried to fix.  One day his wife found him in the living room, attacking the vacuum cleaner with a screwdriver. "I can't get this thing to cooperate!" he exclaimed.  His wife replied, "Why don't you drag it out to the garage and show it the lawn mower?"
Patrons at the zoo were astonished to see an old man jump over the bars of the lion's cage.  Seemingly oblivious to the danger, he walked among the fierce creatures holding	the latest bestselling book in his hands, intently perusing its contents.  The spectators were 	beside themselves. 				 "What in the world is he doing?" shouted one. 				 "Is he crazy? He's going to get killed!" yelled another. 				 "Don't worry about him," replied the man's son. "That's just my dad. He likes to read between the lions."				 
I try not to think about this too much, but somewhere out there, flying the friendly skies, is the world's WORST pilot.								  
My grandma has always been interested in technology, so when I got my new smart phone, she wanted me to show her some of its features.   The first thing I demonstrated to her is how to change the screen by swiping it.   I haven't seen grandma or my phone since.				 
A fisherman began to drill a hole in the ice to fish when a voice called out, "You can't fish there."  He moved the drill a few feet and began to drill again and the voice repeated, "You can't fish there either."  After three more attempts he yelled, "Why can't I fish here?"  "You can't fish anywhere here, this is an ice rink."
My big toe has no problem finding a piece of furniture in a dark room.						 
After a very passionate sermon the preacher was standing at the door to greet the departing congregation when one very upset lady said, "Pastor, I am very disappointed in your sermon...you said the word 'damn'."  "Oh," said the Pastor. "I am sorry if I offended you. What did I say just before that word?"  "I don't remember," she said.  "Well, what did I say after that word?"  "I don't remember," she said.  "I guess it was good that I used that word or you would not have heard ONE WORD I said."
Frankenstein and Count Dracula had a boxing match scheduled in which they were going to throw the fight. This was so Dracula could win in order to pay off a debt to the mafia. Frankenstein was heavily favored and the mafia were betting on him so they could increase the debt Dracula owed and further put pressure on him. 			 The bell rung and out came the two combatants.  Not ten seconds went by when Frankenstein hit the mat. "Would you look at that," said one spectator. "Frankenstein was barely touched and 	now he's lying on his back." 			 "Dracula is dancing the victory dance around him!" yelled another. "The referee's already up to 8." 			 "This looks highly suspicious to me," said a third. "I think Frankenstein's down for the Count!"			 
Top 10 List of what Moms REALLY want...  10.  To be able to eat a whole candy bar (alone) and drink a soda without any floaties, ie... backwash.  9.  To have my 14 year-old daughter answer a question without rolling her eyes in that, "Why is this person my mother?" way.  8.  Five pounds of chocolate that won't add twenty.  7.  A shower without a child peeking through the curtain with a "Hi Ya Mom!" just as I put a razor to my ankle.  6.  A full time cleaning person - period!  5.  For my teenager to announce, "Hey, Mom! I got a full scholarship and a job all in the same day!"  4.  A grocery store that doesn't have candy/gum/toys displayed at the checkout line.  3.  To have a family meal without a discussion about bodily secretions.  2.  To be able to step on a plane with my toddlers and NOT have someone moan, "Oh no! Why me!"  And #1... Four words: Fisher Price Play Prison
A member of a diet club bemoaned her lack of will-power. She had made her family's favorite cake over the weekend, she explained, and they had eaten half of it. The next day, however, the uneaten half beckoned. She cut herself a slice. Then another, and another. By the time she had polished off the cake, she knew her husband would be disappointed.  "What did he say when he found out?" one club member asked.  "He never found out," she said. "I made another cake and ate half."
I used to be in a band called Missing Cat... you probably saw our posters. 
A mechanic was working under a car and some brake fluid dripped into his mouth. "Wow! That stuff isn't too bad tasting," he thought. The next day, he told his buddy about tasting the brake fluid. "It was pretty good, really. I think I'll have a little more today."  His friend was a little concerned, but didn't say anything. The next day, "Hey, I drank a whole glass of brake fluid. Great stuff! I'm going to have more." A few days later, he was up to a bottle a day.  "You know," said his buddy, "that brake fluid is poison and really bad for you. You better cut out drinking that stuff."  "Hey, no problem. I can stop any time!"
A dentist, after completing work on a patient, came to him begging for a favor.   Dentist: Could you help me out? Could you give me a few of your loudest, most painful screams?   Patient: Why? Doctor, it wasn't at all bad this time.   Dentist: There are so many people in the waiting room right now, and I don't want to miss the four o'clock ball game. 
At the diner, my breakfast arrived with only three sausages instead of the usual four. The waitress explained that the cook had dropped one and was making another.  Soon the cook dashed out of the kitchen. "Here you are," he announced. "It's the missing link!" 
Three Elderly Sisters live in a huge two story house. Martha is upstairs and is going to take a bath. She yells down and asks, "Dorthy, was I getting in the tub or out?"  Dorthy replies, "You were getting in the tub!"  The second old lady walks up to the foyer stairway and stops. She looks up and then she says, "Dorthy, was I going upstairs or just coming down?"  Dorthy replies, "Mary, you were going up stair!" After a slight pause, Dorthy continues, "God Help me." She then knocks on the table twice with her fist and then says, "Was that the front door or back?"
I used to be a plastic surgeon, which raised a few eyebrows. 
A Marine private was filling out a questionnaire for a correspondence course.  He got to this question: "How long has your present employer been in business?"  He thought for a moment, then wrote: "Since 1775."
Moe asked old Joe, "Joe, have your ever wondered about the hereafter?"  "Yes, I have wondered about the hereafter. Every time I go into my kitchen, I wonder what I'm here after?"
A Sunday school teacher wanted to stimulate her first grade class as the lesson started by asking them, "Do you want to go to heaven today?" All but one of the ten children raised their hands enthusiastically. Everyone but Susie.  "Susie, don't you want to go to heaven?" she asked.     "Yes, I do." Susie replied  "Well, why did you not raise your hand when I asked if you want to go to heaven?"  "I really want to go to heaven, but not with these guys," she replied.
Three houses are next to each other. A red house is on the left. A blue house is on the right. Where's the white house?  In Washington DC!
I try to "find myself" when I feel lost and confused.    It must suck to be the invisible man and have the same problem.	 
MAN CLASSES: Day One Schedule  EMPTY MILK CARTONS: DO THEY BELONG IN THE FRIDGE OR THE BIN?  Group discussion and role play   HEALTH WATCH: BRINGING HER FLOWERS IS NOT HARMFUL TO YOUR HEALTH  PowerPoint presentation   REAL MEN ASK FOR DIRECTIONS WHEN LOST Real life testimonial from the one man who did   IS IT GENETICALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO SIT QUIETLY AS SHE PARALLEL PARKS?  Driving simulation 
My best friend is a real dunce.  He just got fired from his job.  He told his boss he was too tired to go into work last night.   He's a mattress tester!	 
Ms. Frayed-end and Mr. Knot were having an argument about their relationship.		 Ms. Frayed-end:  "Why don't you ever call me anymore?" 		 Mr. Knot:  "That goes both ways. You never call me either!" 		 Ms. Frayed-end: "We're not supposed to do the calling. You are!" 		 Mr. Knot: "Sez who?  This is ridiculous.  You get me so mad I'm fit to be tied!"		 Ms. Frayed-end: "Oh yeah? Well I'm at the end of my rope!"		 
Why do dogs bark?  Because they bark up the wrong tree.
Why do people walk backwards?  To reverse park.
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall. He cracked open and out came a joke.  Knock knock Who's there? Cracked Cracked who? Cracked Humpty Dumpty
Why do French people eat snails?  They don't like fast food!
A truck driver was driving along on the freeway and noticed a sign that read: Low Bridge Ahead. Before he knew it, the bridge was right in front of him and his truck gets wedged under it. Cars were backed up for miles.   Finally a police car came pulling up to the scene. The cop got out of his car and walked to the truck driver, puts his hands on his hips and says, 'Got stuck, huh?'   The truck driver says, 'No, I was delivering this bridge and I ran out of gas.' 
Mable your granny made the most perfect pie crust. Every line along the crust was equal and just perfect. How did she ever do it?  Well Alice, all I know for sure is when she made the final touches around the edge of her pie crust she took her teeth out to make the edge even.
Joe, I hear your are celebrating your 50th anniversary, any special plans for the wife?  Yes, I took her to Hawaii for our 25th and I thought I would go back and get her to celebrate the 50th.
One day God was looking down at Earth and saw all the rascally behavior that was going on. He decided to send an angel down to Earth to check things out.   When the angel returned, he told God, "Yes, it is bad on Earth; 95% are misbehaving and only 5% are not." God thought for a moment and said, "Maybe I had better send down another angel for a second opinion."   When that angel returned, he went to God and said, "Yes, it's absolutely true. The Earth is in a ravaging decline! 95% are misbehaving and only 5% are being good."   God was not pleased. So He decided to send an email to the 5% that were good, because he wanted to encourage them. Give them a little something to help them keep going.    Do you know what the E-mail said?   Just wondering.......I didn't get one either! 
Our local ice cream store likes to be creative with new names for flavors, but i think they have gone to far with their latest... Chocolate Chip Chipotle.
I can always tell when my wife goes on a diet...  I find Hostess Twinkies in her underwear drawer.
Why do camels have 4 humps?  They don't. They only have 2.
Knock knock. Who's there?  Look. Look who?  Look to see who's there will you!
I notice a lot of people at funerals will say something like, "It's a shame his life had to end so early."    So, I started saying the same thing at weddings.	 
Why did Blake Shelton break up with Miranda Lambert?  Because her lips didn't taste like sangria!
I finally realized that I needed to get in shape, so I made plans to join a club and work out for one full year. 	 The year I picked is 2023.	 
What runs but does not jump?   A tap.
An Irishman had just walked into a bar when he tripped over and fell.  He got up and said, "Guess I can call it a day."
I am the youngest of three...  Both my parents are older.
I used to be a mime...   It's only now that I can talk about it. 
Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards?   He was just going through a stage.
Why do we tell actors to "break a leg"?  Because every play has a cast!
1.  What does a typical politician and a dress manufacturer have in common?      One skirts the issues, the other issues skirts. 		 2.  What does a torpedo and a kitchen appliance supplier have in common?		      One sinks ships, the other ships sinks. 		 3.  What does a phone app and a U-Haul have in common?		      One is downloaded, the other is loaded down.	 	  4.  What does a balcony and a drunk have in common?		       One has an overhang, the other has a hangover. 		  5.  What does a clown hiding in a cake and a son who discovers his dad's		       secret have in common?		      One pops out, the other outs pop.		 
I have a good handwriting... therefore, people don't believe I am a real doctor.
My wife had mentioned several times that she hoped I could get our grass mowed this weekend. Well, I procrastinated a bit too long and while I was watching football on TV, there was a 37 yard pass with a spectacular catch for a go ahead touchdown.    I jumped up and shouted, "Oh my GOSH! Did you see that?!?!"  And my wife said, "Yes, I see... what a lovely lawn they have."
If a rooster laid an egg on the top of the roof, which way will the egg fall if the wind is blowing west?   Answer: Roosters do not lay eggs.
A wannabe singer was auditioning for a part in a musical, in which she had to sing a song. She gave it her best shot and when she was done, asked the producer if she hit all the right notes. 		 "You certainly did," the producer replied. "You packaged them quite conveniently around all the wrong ones."		 
An armed robber broke into a house and found a couple sitting at their dining room table. Pointing the gun, he said, "Let me know the names of my victims before I kill them".  Wife: My name is Eunice  Robber: Oh. My mother's name is Eunice. I can't kill you. (Pointing the guy to the man) And you ?  Husband: I'm Joseph, but all my friends call me Eunice.
A perfectionist walks into a bar. 		 Apparently, the bar wasn't set high enough for him.		 
When you look in the mirror, it reflects...   Don't you ever wonder when it 'flected' the first time?	 
The conductor of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra was having an issue with the percussion section.  During rehearsals, it seems they were having a major problem keeping the proper beat,  and the conductor was getting madder by the moment.    "Uh oh," one of the drummers remarked. "I think he's ready to blow."   "You're right," said the cymbal player. "It looks like we're in for a real tempo tantrum!" 
His team was 20 points behind and the coach was desperate, so he looked down the bench to his 330 pound tackle that was not his brightest player. The coach called him over and asked him, "If I put you in, can you play ruthless?"  "I sure can coach! Which one is ruthless?"
Oomga, a cannibal from the Congolese Amazon River Basin tribe went into the local restaurant for a bite to eat. "What's good today?" he asked the waiter. 			 "Today, we have an unfortunate wayward explorer from Norway.  Also, we have three shipwreck survivors from the Spanish militia to pick from. But our special of the day is fabulous," the waiter continued.  "She's a tarot card and crystal ball reader, one who specializes in a rather uncommon, vintage method of fortune telling." 			 "That settles it," Oomga replied.  "I'll have the rare medium, well-done."			 
Why did the home crowd scream with delight when their favorite batter got three strikes? 	 He just happened to be bowling at the time.	 
Old Jacob Johnson, raging hypochondriac, was convinced that the pain on his left side was appendicitis.   Mrs. Johnson explained that the appendix is on the right side.  "So, aha! THAT's why it hurts to much." said Jacob. "My appendix is on the wrong side!"
Q: If you're stranded on a desert island, what 3 things would you most want to have?  A: Michael Phelps, a saddle, and a gold medal on a stick.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory...   I didn't like being spoken to in that tone of voice.
I live across the street from a crematorium.    What I want to know is, why do they have a delivery truck drop off marshmallows every morning?		 
A man walks into the toy store to get a Barbie doll for his daughter. So he asks the assistant, "How much is Barbie?"  "Well," she says, "we have Barbie Goes to the Gym for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Ball for $19.95, Barbie Goes Shopping for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Beach for $19.95, Barbie Goes Nightclubbing for $19.95, and Divorced Barbie for $265.00."  "Hey, hang on," the guy asks. "Why is Divorced Barbie $265.00 when all the others are only $19.95?"   "Yeah, well, it's like this. Divorced Barbie comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's boat, Ken's furniture..."
Jacob, age 85, and Rebecca, age 79, were all excited about their decision to get married.  They went for a stroll to discuss the wedding and on the way home they passed by a drugstore.  Jacob suggested that they go in. Doing so, he addressed the man behind the counter: "Are you the owner?"  The pharmacist answered: "Yes."  Jacob: "Do you sell heart medication?" Pharmacist: "Of course we do."  Jacob: "How about medicine for circulation?" Pharmacist: "All kinds."  Jacob: "Medicine for rheumatism?" Pharmacist: "Definitely."  Jacob: "Medicine for memory?" Pharmacist: "Yes, a large variety."  Jacob: "What about vitamins and sleeping pills?" Pharmacist: "Absolutely."  Jacob: "What about sugar diabetes.  We both got bad cases." Pharmacist: "Oh, but of course.  You name it with that condition and we have the works."  Jacob: "You have loose bladder and gas pills?"  Pharmacist: "Yes, there are lots of those with plenty of generics."  Jacob: "Perfect! We'd like to register here for our wedding gifts."
I won $3 million on the Lottery this weekend. I decided to donate a quarter of it to Charity.  Now I have $2,999,999.75!
Why did the man run around his bed?  To catch up on his sleep!
A traffic cop stopped a woman for a minor traffic violation. After examining her driver's license in silence for a moment, he said, "You know something? This is one of the finest, most realistic pictures I've ever seen. I'm glad to see you aren't one of those vain women who have their photos retouched to remove all the lines in their face."   "Sir," she replied icily, "you are looking at my thumb-print." 
What time is it when an elephant sits on a fence?  It's time to get a new fence.
What did the trash compactor say to the wine bottle?  "I've got a crush on you!"
Father Murphy walked into a pub and said to the first man he met, "Do you want to go to heaven?"  The man said, "I do Father."  The priest said, "Leave this pub right now!" He then approached a second man. "Do you want to got to heaven?"  "Certainly, Father," was the man's reply. "Then leave now as well," said the priest.  Father Murphy then walked up to O'Toole and asked, "Do you want to go to heaven?"   O'Toole replied: "No, I don't Father." The priest looked him right in the eye and said, "You mean to tell me that when you die you don't want to go to heaven?"  O'Toole smiled, "Oh, when I die. Yes Father. I thought you were getting a group together to go right now."
My doctor told me that I have a condition known as narco-somnia, which has symptoms of both narcolepsy and insomnia.    That's probably why I always sleep with one eye open.	 
A lot of people are afraid of heights...  Not me, I'm afraid of widths!
Have you heard about the pharmaceutical company that developed a new drug which, when administered to women, compels them to go join a convent?  The FDA refused to license it, though. Seems it was habit-forming.
How does a firefly feel when it loses its glow? 		 De-lighted!		 
I went to a funeral yesterday where a vigil was held over the dearly departed while a document was read so everyone could find out who was left what.    That tells me, where there's a will, there's a wake.		 
Wife: John, what becomes of a ballplayer when his eyesight starts to fail?  John: They make him an umpire.
What if Ella Fitzgerald married Darth Vader?    Would she then be called Ella Vader? 
A newlywed couple wanted to invited their friends over for a steak & mushroom dinner.  The wife had all the ingredients except the mushrooms. The husband said, "There are plenty of mushrooms growing in the backyard."   "Are you sure?" said the wife. "They could be poisonous?"  The husband replied, "I will give one to the dog and if he is okay, then we can use them."  Sure enough, the dog was given a mushroom and seemed okay, so they used the backyard mushrooms and served steak & mushrooms to their guests.  During the dinner, the phone rang and it was their next door neighbor.  The wife answered the phone. "I am sorry to bother you dear but your dog is dead."    Frantic, the wife dropped the phone and the couple called 911 and had all their guests sent to the hospital to have their stomachs pumped.  When she got home, the wife called her neighbor to thank her. "No problem dear, but that car that hit him never stopped!"
Why were two giraffes kicked out of the zoo?  They were caught necking. 
All haunted houses are the same.  I went to one the other night, and heard the standard screams, shrieks, scary sounds and gotchas.   Then I went to another one down the road and it was like "Deja BOO!" all over again.	 
Computer novices may feel like they're alone these days, but the following call to IBM's help center show there are plenty of people out there who still are inching onto the information superhighway.   After a caller gave a technician her PC's serial number, he scanned a database of registered users and responded, "I see you have an Aptiva" desktop unit.   Before he could say another word, the caller shrieked and said she'd be right back. When the customer returned, the technician asked if she was all right. The caller responded, "Had I realized you could see me, I never would have telephoned in my bathrobe."
To keep the steaks coming to the round table, King Arthur knighted his ace barbequer... Sir Loin. 
A very elderly couple is having an elegant dinner to celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary. The old man leans forward and says softly to his wife, "Dear, there is something that I must ask you. It has always bothered me that our tenth child never quite looked like the rest of our children. Now I want to assure you that these 75 years have been the most wonderful experience I could have ever hoped for, and your answer cannot take that all that away. But, I must know, did he have a different father?"  The wife drops her head, unable to look her husband in the eye, she paused for moment and then confessed. "Yes. Yes he did."  The old man is very shaken, the reality of what his wife was admitting hit him harder than he had expected. With a tear in his eye he asks, "Who? Who was he? Who was the father?"  Again, the old woman drops her head, saying nothing at first as she tried to muster the courage to tell the truth to her husband. Then, finally, she says: "You."
A guy goes to the post office to report that his wife is lost. The Postmaster advises him to report it the police.   The man says," Last time she was lost I reported it to the Police and they brought her back promptly. I'm not taking any chances this time!" 
Ben, a taxi driver working the midnight shift was exhausted after a few fares, and decided he needed to take a nap.  Parking behind a convenience store, he leaned back and immediately	fell asleep. About an hour later he was awakened by a knock on the window.	 	 "Can you spare a dime?" asked a homeless man. Even though he was slightly perturbed, Ben reached into his pocket and handed him a dollar. Once again he settled back for a nap. A half hour later, he was again awakened by a knock on the window. 		 "Brother, can you be so kind to give me a little change?", begged another wayfarer. 		 More than a little perturbed this time, he throws a dollar at the man and angrily closes his window.  Ben then takes out a piece of paper and writes on it, 'I don't have any money!'  He sticks it on his windshield and settles back again for a much needed rest. Quickly falling soundly asleep, he was nonetheless awakened by another furious rap on his window.  Rolling it down, he saw yet another homeless man.  "What in tarnation do YOU want?" Ben yelled. 		 "I saw the sign on your windshield," the man began, "and since I've been having a pretty good night panhandling, I thought I'd give you a couple of bucks to get you back on your feet."
A politician died and went to the pearly gates.  He peered over the angel's shoulder and saw several clocks.  He asked the angel what the clocks represented.  The angels told him the hands of the clock only move when someone is lying.   The man saw George Washington's clock on the wall and asked the angel about George's clock.  “The hands only moved once.  That was the time he lied to his father about the cherry tree.”    Then the man saw the clock that belonged to Abe Lincoln and asked about the hands on his clock.  “The hands did not move because he was known as 'Honest Abe.'”   “Where is my clock?”  “Oh, it's in God's office.  He is using it as a ceiling fan."
A girl was visiting her friend who had acquired two new dogs, and she asked what their names were. The friend responded by saying that one was named Rolex and one was named Timex.  "Whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that?"  "HELLOOOOO," answered the friend. "They're watch dogs!" 
Marvin has a binging problem which happens to him every year the day after Thanksgiving. 		 "Why must you gorge yourself on leftovers?" his wife asked. "Don't you have any self-control?"	 	 "What are you worried about?" Marvin replied. "I can quit cold turkey!"		 
An anthropologist was assigned to Borneo Island, where he found a guide with a canoe to take him up the river to the remote site he where he would make his collections. At noon on the second day of travel up the river they began to hear drums.  "What are those drums?" asked the anthropologist, knowing he was in cannibal country.  The guide turned to him and said "No worry. Drums OK, but very bad when they stop."  They both went ghostly pale when the drums suddenly stopped. The guide crouched in the belly of the canoe and covered his ears.  "Do as I do! Very important!" intoned the guide with great urgency.  "Why? What does this mean?" asked the panicked anthropologist.  "Drums stop! Next come guitar solo!"
I told my girlfriend, "The last thing I want to do is break up with you... I have about five things on my list before I get there."	 
A shipwrecked sailor spent several years on a deserted island. Then one morning he was thrilled to see a ship offshore and a smaller vessel pulling out toward him.  When the boat grounded on the beach, the officer in charge showed the marooned sailor a few news headlines and told him, "With the captain's compliments. He said to read through these and let us know if you still wish to be rescued."
I lost a valuable Indian Head penny in my yard the other day.  Good thing I have my pet bloodhound Barney.  I let him outside to try to find it, and good ol' Barney picked up the cent right away!	 
 A man comes up to the owner of a lumberjack business and says, "I need a job and I think I'm pretty good."  The owner replied, "Okay, show me what you can do, chop down that redwood over there." The man said okay and left. Five minutes later he came back and was done.  The owner was shocked and asked, "How did you chop that tree down so fast?"  The man said, "I got a lot of practice in the Sahara."  The owner replied, "You mean the Sahara desert?"  "Yes," he said, "or at least that's what they call it now."
An elderly rabbi, having just retired from his duties in the congregation, finally decided to fulfill his lifelong fantasy to taste pork. He went to a hotel in the Catskills in the off-season, entered the empty dining hall and sat down at a table in the far corner.  The waiter arrived, and the rabbi ordered roast suckling pig.  As the rabbi was waiting, struggling with his conscience, a family from his congregation walked in!  They immediately saw the rabbi and, since no one should eat alone, they joined him.  Shocked, the rabbi began to sweat. Eventually, the waiter arrived with a huge domed platter.  He lifted the lid to reveal nothing else but roast suckling pig.   "This place is amazing!" cries the rabbi.  "You order a baked apple, and look what you get!"
Two playgrounds are on either side of the road...  So, why did the children cross the road? 		 To get to the other slide.		 
I took four tires to a friend’s garage sale and was asking $35 apiece. I needed to step away for a bit so I asked him to watch them for me.  "Sure," he said, "but just in case someone offers less, how low are you willing to go?"  "Try for more, but I will accept $20 each," I said, and left.  When I returned, my tires were gone. "How much did you get for them?" I asked excitedly.  "Twenty dollars each."  "Who bought them?"  "I did!"
 A guy was visiting his friend in the hospital who was 'all torn up'. "What happened?" he asked.  "Well, we were hunting the Mamba snake. It has orange and black stripes. It likes to sun itself lying across a pathway in the jungle. You catch it by grabbing the tip of its tail with one hand and quickly running your other hand up the length of its body so you can grab it behind the neck."  "Go on."  the friend said.  "Well, I stealthily sneaked up to the tail laying across the jungle path, grabbed it by the end and rapidly moved my other hand upward, just as the procedure goes."  "So why are you so beaten up?" the friend asked.  "Have you ever 'goosed' a tiger?"
A young man named John applied for a salesman's job at a big department store. It was one of the biggest stores in the world - you could get anything there. The boss said, "You can start tomorrow and I'll come and see you when we close up."  At the end of the next business day the boss came around and asked, "How many sales did you make today?"  "One," said the young salesman.  "Only one?" blurted the boss, "Most of my staff make 20 or 30 sales a day. How much was the sale worth?"  "Three hundred thousand, three hundred and thirty four dollars," said John.  "How did you manage that?" asked the boss.   "Well, this man came in and I sold him a small fish hook, then a medium hook and finally a really large hook. Then I sold him a small fishing line, a medium one and a big one. I asked him where he was going fishing and he said down the coast. I said he would probably need a boat, so I took him down to the boat department and sold him that twenty foot schooner with the twin engines. Then he said his car probably wouldn't be able to pull it, so I took him to the car department and sold him the new Deluxe version we have."  The boss took two steps back and asked in astonishment, "You sold all that to a guy who came in for a fish hook?"  "No," answered John, "he came in to buy a present for his mother-in-law, who'll come to visit on Friday, so I said to him, 'Well, since your weekend's messed up, you might as well go fishing.'"
Two residents of the town voted the dumbest city in the United States went to the local library to find out the origins of this dubious honor. Pouring through the original charters and reproductions of documents on microfiche, they came to some stunning conclusions. 		 "They didn't even know how to plot out the parcels of land to establish the city limits," said Tom.	 	 "And the first mayor didn't even graduate from high school," added William. 		 "Looks like they wrote out the township's constitution on toilet paper," Tom remarked. 		 "Yeah, and look at the picture of the first city council. Who drew question marks above their heads?" asked William. 		 "It seems like right from the beginning, stupidity was the order of the day." Tom lamented. 		 At the next council meeting Tom and William went before the citizens and told them everything they had learned about how their city had its initial beginnings. Needless to say, the town was dumbfounded.
 A young woman wasn't feeling well and asked one her co-workers to recommend a physician.  "I know a great one in the city, but he is very expensive. Five hundred dollars for the first visit, and one hundred dollars for each one after that."  The woman went to the doctor's office and, trying to save a little money, cheerily announced. "I'm back!"  Not fooled for a second, the doctor quickly examined her and said, "Very good, just continue the treatment I prescribed on your last visit."
An elderly couple were considering marriage. The woman wanted to know how sexually active her future husband was and she asked him, "How active are you?"  The man replied, "Infrequently."   The woman thought for a minute then asked, "Is that one word or two?" 
A robbery took place in Milwaukee. A witness was being interviewed by a policeman. The policeman asked the man if he had lived in Milwaukee all his life.   The man replied, "No, not yet." 
One day I was driving with my boyfriend and we saw a sign that said 'Can Food Drive'...  I told my boyfriend, "I don't know if all food can drive but I have seen nuts behind the wheel!"
Why does the ocean roar?  You would roar too if you had crabs on your bottom.
Police: Did you kill this man?  Me: No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes.
Teacher: Did you hear about the actress who attacked her husband?  Student: No, who was it?  Teacher: Reese...  Student: Witherspoon?  Teacher: No, with her knife!
Have you ever tried to eat a clock?   It's very time consuming.
Last night I had a dream that I won the Lottery...  This morning it wasn't a dream come true.
Once upon a time, two very sheltered monks visited the US for the first time and wanted to experience life in New York.  Upon visiting and receiving their first hot dogs ever, one monk asked the other, "Which part of the dog did you get?"  
An organ grinder and a monkey enter a tavern and take a couple seats at the bar.			 "Give me a shot of whiskey!" said the organ grinder to the bartender. 			 "I'll have the same," said the monkey. 			 The bartender looks in astonishment as he pours the drinks. 			 "What's the special here?" the organ grinder asks. 			 "Yeah," the monkey chimes in. "We're starving."	 		 "O.K.," says the bartender.  "What's going on here?  You're a monkey. You can't talk!" 			 "I sure can!  Not only can I talk, but I'm also a ventriloquist!"			 
What do you call a dinosaur that turns small words into big words?  A Thesaurus!
What has two thumbs, and sometimes tells jokes in the wrong media, rendering them useless?  This guy! 
Unbeknownst to Harold, the local tax collector, he was knocking on the	door of a house inhabited by cannibals. A woman answered the door.			 					 "I'm here to talk to a person named Stewart.  He's a bit late on his tax payment."								  "Actually, we just moved in with him recently. He can't see you now," she replied.								  "Can I wait for him?" 								 "Sure! And while you're waiting, how would you like some dinner? You look very hungry.	I've made up a delicious array of meat and vegetables simmered in a thick, seasoned broth.  Sort of like goulash." 								 "This is highly inappropriate, but it does smell delicious. I'll have just a little." After finishing his meal, Harold says, "Absolutely scrumptious! Can Stewart see me now?" 								 "I'm sorry, but you'll have to leave."	 							 "But I was here to meet Stewart." 								 "Don't worry about meeting Stew.  Go out to your car and give yourself a couple of hours. Stew will be right out!"
When you get to the point where you really understand your computer, it's probably obsolete.  
A young couple was expecting a visit from the pastor of their church. They wanted everything to go smoothly, but their two year old son was just getting the hang of potty training. He was at the stage where he would announce at the top of his voice, "I gotta pee," when he had to go to the bathroom.  His father, worried that this might be embarrassing when the minister came to call, instructed the child, "Don't shout that you've got to pee. Whisper!"  That evening the pastor makes his visit. He's there a very long time and the two year old is on one foot and the other.  Finally, the minister asks him, "What's the matter, son?"  The child looks at his dad and says, "I've gotta whisper!"  Pastor says, "It's all right, child. Whisper in my ear."
A woman brings eight-year-old Johnny home and tells his mother that he was caught playing doctors and nurses with Mary, her eight-year-old daughter.  Johnny's mother says, "Let's not be too harsh on them... they're bound to be curious about sex at that age."  "Curious about sex?" replies Mary's mother. "He took her appendix out!"
(Dad)  I just got an invitation to my thirty year High School class reunion. I don’t think I’m going to attend.   (Son)  Dad isn’t it true that each year the graduating class is larger than the year before.   (Dad)  Yes, that’s generally how it works. By the time you graduate son the graduation class should be double of what it was last year.  (Son)  My point exactly, based on that I really think you should attend.  (Dad)  What point?  (Son) I just did the math in my head and it just wouldn’t be fair to the other two graduates if you missed it.  
A man said to his doctor, "Doc, please don't ever give me artificial respiration!"   "Why not?" the Doctor asked.   The man replied, "If you can't give me the real thing, FORGET IT!" 
Patient:  I keep dreaming about monkeys.  Every night, nothing but monkeys, monkeys, monkeys. 								 Psychiatrist:  How does that make you feel?	 							 Patient:  If you give me a banana, I'll tell you.								 					 
Son: "Dad, what is 'creeping inflation'?"  Father: "It's when your mother starts out asking for new shoes and ends up with a complete new outfit." 
I told my friend I wanted to join the military. My friend told me that the coast guard wouldn’t take me because I’m not six feet tall.  "Why does a person need to be six feet tall?" I asked.  He said, "That way if your boat goes down you can wade to shore."  
The Parish father passed away. He left two hundred dollars to each nun in his will. The nuns were each deciding how best to serve others with the money they had received. Sister Mary Catherine noticed a man in tattered clothing sitting on the curb across the street. She walked up to the man, handed him the 200 dollars and said, “God's Speed.”   A week later a well dressed man came to the Parish and asked for Sister Mary Catherine. She soon arrived and noticed it was the very man she had given the two hundred dollars. The man handed her a fist full of cash and said, "Here's your share! I went to the track as you suggested and God's Speed took first place at twenty eight to one."  
A hiker fell off a cliff and was hurt so badly he had to be air lifted to the hospital. They were wheeling his gurney to the emergency room when a nurse asked, "Are you allergic to anything?"   The man answered, “Heights.”   
Once upon a tie there were 3 prisoners about to be executed via firing squad and upon asking the first prisoner if they had anything left to say, he yelled, "Oh my God! Killer Bee swarms!" Everyone panicked and scattered and ran and that prisoner was able to escape.  After all the chaos calmed, they brought out the second prisoner. They did the same asking about last words, the prisoner yelled "Tsunami & Tornadoes!" Once again the crowd scattered and prisoner #2 escaped.  Now, everyone was reassembled and they brought out prisoner #3. Same practice once again. This time the prisoner yelled "FIRE!"
Have you finished your chores?   I had to stay after school and talk to my teacher.   Once again, have you finished your chores?  My teacher said I have selective hearing.   Please don’t change the subject, did you take out the trash like I asked?  Oh, I thought you said Billy had to take it out this week.
Wife: You’re an hour late getting home from work again! Husband: I had to work late.  Wife: I can see blue chalk on your fingers; are you sure you didn’t stop by and play billiards with the guys before you came home?  Husband: (pause) err ah.. I’m using blue chalk at work to mark our outgoing shipments and white chalk to mark the received shipments. I’ve found this method to be quite efficient.   The next night he comes home on time and sits down to dinner.  Husband: We’ve been married ten years and you’ve never made TV dinners. You know I don’t like TV dinners.  Wife: It’s not a TV dinner! Husband: Then why is it in a TV type severing tray and not on a plate.  Wife: (zero hesitation) I buy the tins and cook your entire dinner at once. I’ve found this method to be quite efficient.  
How do two Navy Admirals greet each other?  A NAVAL Salute.
Two best friends were having lunch together. One was trim and the other was rather rotund. The trim friend ordered a salad, his friend ordered a Ruben sandwich with large fries and a milkshake.  The trim one said, "You don't have to eat every speck off your plate; being overweight can put you in an early grave."  His friend replied, "You know I don't like wasting anything. When it's my time to go I plan on filling the box."
One day an extremely nervous dental patient came for a root-canal surgery. He was brought into the examining room and made comfortable in the reclining dental chair. The dentist then injected a numbing agent around the patient's tooth, and left the room for a few minutes while the medication took hold.  When the dentist returned, the patient was standing next to a tray of dental equipment, "What are you doing by the surgical instruments?" asked the surprised dentist.  Focused on his task, the patient replied, "I'm taking out the ones I don't like." 
A guy is doing some handyman work at a house. Across the room is a large gray parrot on a perch. The family dog comes into the room and jumps up on the couch. The parrot says, “Get off the couch!” and the dog jumps down immediately.   A small child comes into the room with toys and the parrot says, “Go to your room!” and the child picks up his toys leaves without hesitation.   The guy turns to the parrot and says, “I’ve never seen anything like that before."  The parrot looks at the guy and says, “Get back to work!”
What kind of sandwiches do they serve in the airline lounge?  Club Sandwiches
Did you hear about the cross-eyed teacher?   She couldn't control her pupils. 
Every Sunday afternoon a mother found a candy bar wrapper in her young sons room. She finally had to ask, "Johnny why do I find a candy bar wrapper in your room every Sunday after church?"  He answered by saying that God gave him the money and he used it to buy a candy bar. The mother quickly replied, "God gave it to you? How did this happen?"  "Well mom, you give me a dollar to give to God. So before church every Sunday I throw it up into the air. I figure if God wants it he'll take it. If not, it will fall back down to me." 
A man driving by an insane asylum got a flat in his front right tire. He took off his tire and put the lug nuts in the wheel cover. As he rose he accidentally kicked the wheel cover and all the lug nuts went into a deep ditch. Looking in disgust he noticed an inmate at the asylum watching him through a chain link fence.   The man shouted out, "Why don't you take a lug nut from the other three wheels and use them to replace the lug nuts you lost?"   The driver said, "That's a great idea!"   The man replied, " Well I may be crazy, but I am not stupid."  
Sitting on the couch waiting for dinner, I thought I heard the wife ask which did I want for dinner, "beef, chicken or fish?"   Since it had been a while since I had any, I replied, "fish!"  Apparently that was the wrong answer. The reply I got was that I was getting "soup" as she was talking to the cat.
My grandfather invited me to pick pine nuts with him.  We went to the same place he took me jack rabbit hunting as a kid. He told me when the nuts get ripe, the cones opens up and they fall on the ground. He said all we have to do is pick them up.   After a few hours of picking I said, "Grandpa, do know the new technique they use these days sort out the best  ones?"  He said, "No, what is it?"  I said, "You put them in water and if they float they're not going to taste so good!" 
The Santa Claus at Macy's decided to retire, so management put out an ad for a new one.  After going throught the applications, they picked who they thought would be perfect for the job. Carl was rotund, had a full white beard and a jovial laugh.   However, after some time problems arose. Carl would forget to show up for work. Then when he did show up, he would seem disoriented and confused and not remember where he was supposed to be. Other employees would often have to search for him in the store to return him to his post, where children in line would be crying when they didn't see Santa there.  "What are we going to do?" asked one manager.  								 "I think we're going to have to hire a new Santa," said another. "This one's a lost clause."								 								 							 
The chef discovered why his alphabet soup did not turn out as it should...   There was a misspelling in the recipe.
After I retired there was the problem of filling up the time that I was not used to having. My nephew said, "Bungee jumping is fun!"  I decided to try it and now I'm two inches taller... I can't walk, but I'm two inches taller. 
When a redhead goes bonkers, ginger snaps!
A group of tourists in Africa were enjoying a guided tour into bush country to observe the wild life. The guide announced, “Don’t be surprised if you see an elephant wearing sunglasses.”  One of the tourists asked why an elephant would be wearing sunglasses.  The guide answered, "Well, they do this to so they can go unnoticed at the beach."  The tourist then said, "That’s preposterous! My hotel is on the beach and I’ve never seen an elephant."  The guide replied, "I guess it works."
The brain is the most amazing organ in the body. It works 24/7/365 from the day you’re born right up to the point you discover girls. 
What do you call somebody with no body and a nose?  Nobody knows!
Two zombie students were on the way to their high school in Los Angeles when they spotted a white BMW with the actress Halle Berry stopped at a red light.  Seizing the opportunity, they immediately rushed the car, dragged the startled Ms. Berry from the front seat, and ate her brain.    Dragging the corpse behind them as they walked to school, they suddenly remembered that their school was having a contest to see who could best decorate the corridors of the school for Christmas.      Sure enough,	 they won the contest. The name of their entry, "Deck the Halls with Bowels of Halle!"						 
Do you know why medical facilities in Phoenix, Arizona treat substantially more tourist for heat exhaustion every summer than they do locals?   It’s because tourist think you can actually tan outside. 
"Hey Mom, my DNA sample results are back from the genealogy place. According to the report I have 44 points of Neanderthal DNA. Does that mean I’m related to a cave man?"  "Yes, dear, it’s from your father’s side of the family."  
My Mother-in-Law went to the beauty parlor the other day and she was there for five hours...  And that was just for the estimate!
I told my friend she was drawing her eyebrows too high.   She looked surprised. 
''Doctor, my nose is 11 inches long!"  ''Come back when it grows into a foot!"
There's nothing the matter with me, I'm just as healthy as can be, I have arthritis in both knees, And when I talk, I talk with a wheeze. My pulse is weak, my blood is thin, But I'm awfully well for the shape I'm in.  All my teeth have had to come out, And my diet I hate to think about. I'm overweight and I can't get thin, But I'm awfully well for the shape I'm in. And arch supports I need for my feet, Or I wouldn't be able to go out in the street.  Sleep is denied me night after night, But every morning I find I'm all right. My memory's failing, my head's in a spin. But I'm awfully well for the shape I'm in. Old age is golden I've heard it said, But sometimes I wonder, as I go to bed.  With my ears in a drawer, my teeth in a cup, And my glasses on a shelf, until I get up. And when sleep dims my eyes, I say to myself, Is there anything else I should lay on the shelf? The reason I know my youth has been spent, Is my get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went!  But really I don't mind, when I think with a grin, Of all the places my get-up has been. I get up each morning and dust off my wits, Pick up the paper and read the obits. If my name is missing, I'm therefore not dead, So I eat a good breakfast and jump back into bed.  The moral of this as the tale unfolds, Is that for you and me, who are growing old. It is better to say, "I'm fine" with a grin, Than to let people know the shape we are in. 
After cleaning his patient’s teeth, the dentist accompanied the five year old boy to the reception area, only to see him struggle with the oak door.  “It’s heavy, isn’t it?” asked the dentist.  “Yes,” he said. “Is that so children can’t escape?”
A minister was called away unexpectedly by the illness of a close family member. He entrusted his new assistant with filling the pulpit. The Pastor's wife stayed home. When he returned, the Pastor asked his wife what she thought of the young man's sermon.  "The poorest I've ever heard," she said. "There was nothing in it, nothing at all. It didn't even make sense. It was very unorganized. I was disappointed."  Later that day, the concerned minister met his assistant and asked him, "How'd the Sunday service and sermon go? Did all go well? How did you manage?"  "All went very well, sir, absolutely wonderful," he said. "I didn't have time to prepare a new sermon of my own on such short notice, so I got on your computer and pulled up one of your old sermons from last year."
I ran into my neighbor walking his 2 pit bulls.  He told me he was going to the maul.    I hope I heard that correctly. 
(Husband) Honey bunches, since you want me to loose a little weight I’m going to try some of those low calorie chocolate favored drinks.   (Wife) Really? That’s great cuddle bear! You do realize dumpling they’re only used as a meal replacement right?   (Husband) What are you talking about Sandra?   (Wife)  What I'm saying is you can’t use them to wash down chilly cheese fries, Frank!
"Did you hear the one about the guy who was writing for an online joke site?"  "No, what happened?"  "Apparently the site kept rejecting his jokes due to poor grammar!"  "What?!?!  Everyone knows perfect grammar can sometimes ruin the delivery of a joke!"   "This may be true but apparently you’re not allowed to dangle your participle on the internet!" 
My Dad, who is a pastor, was reading the newspaper the other day and it had an article on our University’s football team who had 3 wins in the last 3 seasons. Then he says, "Hey Son, did I tell you that I ran into head coach two months ago down at the Supermarket?"  "What did you tell him?" I replied.  "Well, I asked if I could pray for him and he said sure."  I couldn't help but ask, "Did you pray that he would quit or that he would be fired?"
Most people will say, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."  An engineer will say, "If it ain't broke, it doesn't have enough features yet."
"What is the difference between a mechanical and civil engineer?" asked the incoming college freshman.  The professor replied, "Mechanical engineers design weapons and civil engineers design targets."
One morning  farmer Hank is trying to milk the cow but the cow kicks the bucket over, spilling milk everywhere. He sets the bucket back up and again the cow kicks the bucket. This happens 3 more times.  After 5 unsuccessful attempts to milk the cow, the farmer comes up with a brilliant idea.    Tie the cow's leg to his leg, to prevent the cow from kicking over the bucket. The third time around the barn, farmer Hank knew this was a mistake.
A young boy asked his father if he knew the capitol of Delaware, his father didn’t know. The father, trying to save face quickly, changed the subject and told his son not to over feed his guinea pig. The ploy didn’t work.   The boy then asked his father another question he didn’t know the answer to. The father said, I may not know the capitol of Delaware but I do know what sis boom bah is. The son asked, "What’s that?"  The father replied, "It’s the sound you’ll hear if your guinea pig explodes."
It’s so hot today that I saw a Robin pick up a worm with an oven mitt. 
This guy just sat around, snapping his fingers. Wherever he went, he kept snapping his fingers. People were beginning to get annoyed. Finally a man walked up to him and asked him why he kept  snapping his fingers.  "To keep the elephants away," was the reply.  "Elephants? There aren't any elephants within 1,000 miles of here!"  "Then it must be working!"
If I try to fail and I succeed, which one did I do?
"I feel so miserable without you; it's almost like having you here." - Stephen Bishop
I telephoned the veterinarian's office to ask when I should take my three month old kitten in to be vaccinated for rabies. After a few initial questions, the woman who answered the telephone asked, "What is the kitten's name?"  "Demon," I replied.  "Demon? That's an odd name," she said.  "Maybe, but it's appropriate anyway."  I heard clicking of a computer keyboard, then she said, "Our records show that you have cats named Gato (which is Spanish for 'male cat'), Scamp, Stinky, and now you named one Demon. Is that right?"  "Yes, it is."  "You really don't like cats, do you?" 
Eric is sitting at the bar staring morosely into his beer. Tom walks in and sits down. After trying to start a conversation several times and getting only distracted grunts, he asks Eric what the problem is.  "Well," said Eric, "I ran afoul of one of those trick questions women ask. Now I'm in deep trouble at home."  "What kind of question?" asked Tom.  "My wife asked me if I would still love her if when she was old, fat and ugly."  "That's easy," said Tom. "You just say 'Of course I will'".  "Yeah," said Eric, "That's what I did, except I said, 'Of course I DO....'" 
A panhandler who was new to the business asked the advice of an old pro who has worked the streets for years.  After hours of intensive training the old pro was ready to send the tenderfoot out.  "Don't forget what I taught you, Frank," Bob told him. 							 They walked to the corner of a busy street.  "Go get 'em, Frankie boy.  Here comes a guy who looks like he's got some dough." 							 Frank walks up to the man and immediately starts his routine. "Hey man, got a quarter for a cup of coffee?" "No." "How about a dollar for a Mickey D's?  C'mon man, I'm hungry!"							 "I said no!" "Then how about letting me use your credit card for some clothes??"							 "Are you kidding me?" "Can I borrow your car to visit my sick mama?" "Get lost! "Then just let me stay at your house until I get back on my feet."							 "I'm calling 911!" 							 Dejected, Frank walks back over to Bob and asked him what he did wrong. "You violated the number one rule of begging,"  Bob told him.  							  "What's that?" 							 "Don't put all your begs in one ask-it!"
You can never lose a homing pigeon... even if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, all you've lost is a pigeon. 
Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
A man scolded his son for being so unruly and the child rebelled against his father. He got some of his clothes, his teddy bear and his piggy bank and proudly announced, "I'm running away from home!"  The father calmly decided to look at the matter logically. "What if you get hungry?" he said.   "Then I'll come home and eat!" declared the child, bravely.   "And what if you run out of money?"   "I will come home and get some!" readily replied the child.   The man then made a final attempt, "What if your clothes get dirty?"   "Then I'll come home and let mommy wash them," was the reply.   The man shook his head and exclaimed, "This kid is not running away from home, he's going off to college!!!"
I took on a car pool rider so I could use the diamond lane. She’s a twenty year old blonde, but after all these years her seams are giving out, so I’ll need to buy a new one. 
Jim, a fireman came home from work one day and told Barb, his wife, "You know, we have a wonderful system at the firestation.  Bell 1 rings and we all put on our jackets Bell 2 rings and we all slide down the poll Bell 3 rings and we're on the fire truck ready to go.  From now on when I say Bell 1, I want you to strip naked.  When I say Bell 2, i want you to jump in bed.  And when I say Bell 3, we are going to make love all night."  The next night Jim came home from work and yelled, "Bell 1!" Barb promptly took all her clothes off. When Jim yelled, "Bell 2!" Barb jumped into bed. When Jim yelled, "Bell 3!" they began making love.  After a few minutes Barb yelled, "Bell 4!"  "What the hell is Bell 4?" asked Jim.  "Roll out more hose!", Barb replied, "You're nowhere near the fire!!"
The doughnut is the saddest dessert...   ... it just can't find its inner piece.
Four men were getting ready to tee off on the first hole when a gentleman walked up to the guy on the tee and handed him a card. It read "I am deaf and dumb. May I please play through?"  The guy says, "Get out of here! Some people use any excuse to get ahead! Go away!"  The deaf and dumb gentleman backed away and waited until the four guys were on their way down the fairway. The original four finally made it to the green, and it was the turn of the guy who yelled at the deaf and dumb gentleman to putt. He was lining it up, when suddenly 'Whack'! He got nailed on the back of the head by a ball and knocked unconscious.  When he woke up he was lying in a hospital bed, and the first person he saw was the deaf and dumb gentleman, holding up FORE fingers.
She claims we met at the vegetarian club, but I’d never seen herbivore. 
Why were the Indians here first?   They had reservations.
A window, a toilet bowl and a colander (strainer) were arrested for some serious crimes and were brought to police headquarters for interrogation.  After the detective was through with his questioning, he was met outside by the news media.			 					 "We hear that they all had alibi's," asked one of the reporters.  "Why didn't you believe the window's story?"	 							 "I saw right through it!"  "What about the toilet bowl?"  "His alibi stunk!" 								 "And the story the colander gave you?"  "It was full of holes!"	
How do you catch a unique rabbit?  Unique up on them.   How do you catch a tame rabbit?  The tame way.
Why is it so hard to shoe flies?  Because their feet are so tiny.
My collection of kitchen utensils includes one whose intended purpose was always a mystery. It looks like a cross between a metal slotted spoon and a spatula, so I use it as both. When not in use, it is prominently displayed in a decorative ceramic utensil caddy in my kitchen.   The mystery of the spoon/spatula was recently solved when I found one in its original packaging at a garage sale... it's a pooper-scooper. 
Little Johnny’s teacher was grading student essays about actual family experiences.  She came upon Little Johnny’s paper entitled, “The time my dad told me to jump out of the tree and he would catch me.”  Tearing up his teacher knew she’d been too hard on little Johnny for misbehaving and such. She felt terrible just knowing how hard his life must be.  Not wanting to read each painful word she decided to give Little Johnny an 'A' without reading it.   Surprised to see an 'A', Johnny was quite puzzled. He thought to himself, "My teacher couldn’t have like the part when my dad caught me and told me that some people can be trusted. She must have liked the part where I stomped on his big toe and called him a wimp."   
My neighbor was complaining about how bad she needed new tires and how much they cost.  I told her to start putting her extra change in a jar with a label reading, "Re-TIRE-ment Fund".
"Look! There's Linda Rondstadt!"		 	 "Where? Where is she?"			  "Right there!  Here she comes, running full speed, right at you!"			  "I still don't see her."			  "You idiot!  She just Blue Bayou!"			 
Johnny's teacher paid a visit to his house one day. When little Johnny opened the door, she asked, "Are your father and mother in, Mr. Morton?"  "They was in, but they is out now," he answered.  The teacher gasped, "Why, Mr. Johnny Morton, it is 'They were in, but they are out now.' Where's your grammar?"  "She's upstairs taking her nap."
A man was driving down a country road and he was passed by what seemed to be a chicken that had three legs. The man sped up and followed the chicken, who turned down a long driveway leading to an old farm house. The man pulled up next to the house and out came a farmer, his wife, and their son.  The man said, "Did you see that, a three legged chicken!"  The farmer replied, "Oh yes, we once had a three legged chicken hatch so we bred it because all of us like to have a chicken leg at dinner and this solves the problem."  The man scratched his head and asked, "So how does it taste?"  The farmer replied, "Don't know, we ain't caught one yet." 
A man walked into a game and toy store looking for a challenging board puzzle so he asked the clerk for just such a puzzle. The clerk replied, "Well sir, it depends on what you consider to be challenging?"  The man replied, "What do you mean it depends on me, I didn't make the puzzle so how am I supposed to know if it's challenging? Don't you know your products young man?"  The clerk replied, "Well sir, it tells you on the box how complex the puzzle is. Lets see here, oh yes, this one should be perfect. Right here on the front of the box it says it takes 3-4 ages to complete." 
Little Johnny's dad noticed the pet turtle was turning grey and was not going to live much longer. He tried to prepare the boy for the sad event. "Johnny your turtle is not looking so good and he might die. If he does you and I will make a little box for him, invite your friends over and have ice cream, cake, play games, and then bury the turtle under the big tree. Then we will go to the store and get a new turtle."  Dad was satisfied he had done his best and waited for Johnny's response. "Dad," said Johnny after a thoughtful moment, "let's kill it." 
Three teenage boys were taking a short cut across a church lawn. In perfect view was a large sign which read: Stay off the Grass.   The caretaker yelled to the boys from the gardening shed, "Hey, can't you read?"  The boys paused, looked at each shrugging. Then one of them looked at the sign, still baffled. He cupped his hands over his mouth to form a loud speaker and yelled back, "So who's smoking?" 
Three nurses went to heaven, and were awaiting their turn with St. Peter to plead their case to enter the pearly gates. The first nurse said, "I worked in an emergency room. We tried our best to help patients, even though occasionally we did lose one. I think I deserve to go to heaven." St. Peter looks at her file and admits her to heaven.  The second nurse says, "I worked in an operating room. It's a very high stress environment and we do our best. Sometimes the patients are too sick and we lose them, but overall we try very hard." St. Peter looks at her file and admits her to heaven.  The third nurse says, "I was a case manager for an HMO."  St. Peter looks at her file. He pulls out a calculator and starts punching away at it furiously, constantly going back to the nurse's file. After a few minutes St. Peter looks up, smiles, and says, "Congratulations! You've been admitted to heaven ... for five days!"
Recently a "Husband Shopping Center" opened in Dallas, where women could go to choose a husband from among many men. It was laid out with five floors, with the men increasing in positive attributes as you ascended up the floors. The only rule was once you opened the door to any floor, you must choose a man from that floor, and if you went up a floor, you couldn't go back down except to leave the place, never to return.  A couple of girlfriends went to the place to find men. On the first floor the door had a sign saying, "These men have jobs and love kids."  The women read the sign and said, "Well, that's better than not having jobs, or not loving kids, but I wonder what's further up?" so up they went.  The second floor said, "These men have high-paying jobs, love kids, and are extremely good-looking."  "Hmmm," said the girls. "But I wonder what's further up?"  The third floor: "These men have high-paying jobs, are extremely good-looking, love kids and help with the housework."  "Wow!" said the women. "Very tempting, BUT there's more further up!" and up they went.  Fourth floor: "These men have high-paying jobs, love kids, are extremely good-looking, help with the housework, and have a strong romantic streak."  "Oh, mercy! But just think what must be awaiting us further on!"  So up to the fifth floor they went.  The sign on that floor said, "This floor is empty and exists only to prove that women are impossible to please."
A drunk gets up from the bar and heads for the bathroom. A few minutes later, a loud, blood curdling scream is heard from the bathroom. A few minutes after that, another loud scream reverberates through the bar.  The bartender goes into the bathroom to investigate why the drunk is screaming. "What's all the screaming about in there? You're scaring the customers."  "I'm just sitting here on the toilet and every time I try to flush, something comes up and squeezes the hell out of my testicles."  With that, the bartender opens the door, looks in and says, "You idiot! You're sitting on the mop bucket!"
In a software design meeting, we were using typical technical jargon to discuss a data exchange interface with a vendor.  One co-worker said the programming we had ordered was delayed because the vendor was suffering from a "severe non-linear waterfowl issue."  Curious, the team leader raised his eyebrows and asked, "What exactly is that?"  The programmer replied, "They don't have all their ducks in a row." 
Did you hear about the argument, drama & fight that happened at the golf course?  People can be so caddy. 
I said to the gym instructor, “Can you teach me to do the splits?”  She said, “How flexible are you?”  I replied, “I'm pretty flexible, but I can’t make Tuesdays.”
The quiet employee asked his boss for Thursday off so he and his wife could celebrate their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary.   His boss said, "It's okay this time, but I don't intend to put up with this every twenty-five years."
The Sunday School teacher was describing how Lot's wife looked back and turned into a pillar of salt.  Little Johnny interrupted, "My dad looked back once, while he was driving," he announced triumphantly, "and he turned into a telephone pole!" 
The young mother skeptically examined a new educational toy. "Isn't it rather complicated for a small boy?" she asked the salesclerk.  "It's designed to adjust the child to live in today's world, ma'am," the shop assistant replied. "So basically, any way he tries to put it together is wrong."
What did the black bug say as it slid down the zebras back?   No you see me, now you don’t, now you see me, now you don’t...........
JAMES: Hi, cousin, I heard that you now work at the bakery?  KEMI: Yes, yes!  JAMES: Ah! And you haven't brought any bread yet?  KEMI: Your sister works at the airport and you work at the mortuary, do either of you bring home your work?
I saw a Broadway show about puns... It was the ultimate play on words. 
There was a farmer in the field with his cows and he counted 196 of them... but when he rounded them up, he had 200.  
What kind of bagel can fly?  A plain bagel.
Your momma's so old, that in History class she just wrote down what she was doing.  
A wife was sitting peacefully in her cozy armchair sewing her husband’s socks. Her husband came in to the room and glanced at what she was doing, and started badgering, “HONEY be more careful! PLEASE WATCH WHAT YOU ARE DOING! You don’t wan’t to poke YOUR finger! HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU! Don’t look up when YOUR’E SEWING! There you go now slow and steady, nice even stitches."  The wife puts down the needle and thread, looks up at her husband, and says, “What the hell is wrong with you? Do you know how many times I’ve sewn socks before?!"  “EXACTLY THE POINT I WAS TRYING TO GET AT,” hollered the husband, “DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES I’VE DRIVEN A CAR BEFORE?!"
Steps on how to write a college paper...  1.  Sit in a straight, comfortable chair in a well-lighted place with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 2.  Read over the assignment carefully, to make certain you understand it. 3.  Walk down to the vending machines and buy some coffee to help you concentrate. 4.  Stop off at the third floor, on the way back and visit with your friend from class.  If your friend hasn't started the paper yet either, you can both walk to McDonald's and buy a hamburger to help you concentrate.  If your friend shows you his paper, typed, double-spaced, and bound in one of those irritating see-thru plastic folders, drop him. 5.  When you get back to your room, sit in a straight, comfortable chair in a clean, well-lighted place with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 6.  Read over the assignment again to make absolutely certain you understand it. 7.  You know, you haven't written to that kid you met at camp since fourth grade.  You'd better write that letter now and get it out of the way so you can concentrate. 8.  Go look at your teeth in the bathroom mirror. 9.  Listen to one of your favorite CD's and that's it, I mean it, as soon as it's over you are going to start that paper. 10.  Rearrange all of your CD's into alphabetical order. 11.  Phone your friend on the third floor and ask if he's started writing yet.  Exchange remarks about your teacher, the course, the university, and the world at large. 12.  Sit in a straight, comfortable chair in a clean, well-lighted place with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 13.  Read over the assignment again; roll the words across your tongue; savor its special flavor. 14.  Check the newspaper listings to make sure you aren't missing something truly worthwhile on TV.  NOTE: When you have a paper due in less than 12 hours, anything on TV from Masterpiece Theater to Sgt.  Preston of the Yukon is truly worthwhile, with these exceptions: a) Pro Bowler's Tour b) any movie starring Don Ameche. 15.  Catch the last hour of Soul Brother of Kung-Fu on channel 26. 16.  Phone your friend on the third floor to see if he was watching.  Discuss the finer points of the plot. 17.  Go look at your tongue in the bathroom mirror. 18.  Look through your roommate's book of pictures from home.  Ask who everyone is. 19.  Sit down and do some serious thinking about your plans for the future. 20.  Open your door and check to see if there are any mysterious trench-coated strangers lurking in the hall. 21.  Sit in a straight, comfortable chair in a clean, well-lighted place with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 22.  Read over the assignment one more time, just for the thrill of it. 23.  Scoot your chair across the room to the window and watch the sunrise. 24.  Lie face down on the floor and moan.
Dorothy and her dog KANSAS get caught up in a tornado.  When they finally land, Kansas is broken into pieces.  Dorothy declares, "Well Kansas, I guess we're not in toto anymore." 
How does a pastor keep the wheels of the church turning?  By preaching about hell, fire and bridgestone!
Why did Gus drive his pickup truck over the side of the cliff?  He wanted to test his new air brakes.
Slim walks into his local post office and notices a new sign on the wall: MAN WANTED FOR ROBBERY IN MONTANA  "Gosh!" he says, "If only that job was in Texas, I'd take it!"
A sign that you are young... you drop a lot of things.  A sign that you are old... you drop a lot of things. 
Dentists. Doesn't your mouth just hurt when you hear that word? Not only painful - but expensive.  "That'll be 5,000 dollars."  "What? Why?"  "The price of gold went up."
Little Johnny is riding in the car with his mom.  Little Johnny: Mommy, why is there a deer lying down on the side of the road?  Mommy: He's sleeping.   Little Johnny: Why on the side of the road?  Mommy: He  likes the sound of the cars driving by, it's very soothing.
Most loving mothers change many smelly diapers. Every day.  Yet, they absolutely lose it when their husbands pass gas.  Go figure.  
Police cars valiantly profess, "Serve and Protect".  Next time you get pulled over by a cop, say, "Fries and a Condom, please."
Despite popular health opinions, donuts are good for you. They're a positive snack!   Have you ever heard of a "don'tnut"?
Adam: "What are we having for dinner?" Eve: "Spare Ribs."                                 Adam: "What is that, some kind of joke?" 
What is the difference between a politician and an actor?   An actor gets better scripts with more credible story-lines. 
The only contest I ever won in my family was eating the most paint chips!
I don't know much about Barry Bonds ... I'm more familiar with bail bonds.
Former Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is now a rapper ... his rap name is 47 cent!
The only time I had perfect attendance ... was when I was in jail.
I tried out for belly dancing today... they said I was overqualified. 
She's so dumb, she couldn't even break a dress code.
How do you know if you have a galactic apple?   It is one if it has a worm hole in it!
What is Darth Vader favorite coffee?  Dark Roast. 
What does the acronym NASCAR stand for?   Non-Athletic Sport Centered Around Rednecks.
What is Napoleon's favorite part of the chicken?   Answer... The Boney-Part!  
I think fractions are difficult. In fact, 5 out of 3 people struggle with them.
Knock! Knock!  Who's there?  Mesut.  How may I assist you?  Hahaha, Yeah right.
The school floor is so dirty that I feel like I'm walking on the beach, there’s sand, beer cans, dead fish, and beached whales.
What do wombats have that no other animal have?  Baby wombats.
When you're on an airplane and you meet someone whose first name is JACK whatever you do DON'T GREET HIM.  You might get in trouble with the authorities.
While working at a pizza parlor, I observed a man ordering a small pizza to go. He appeared to be alone and the cook asked him if he would like it cut into 4 pieces or 6.  He thought about it for some time then said, "Just cut it into 4 pieces; I don't think I'm hungry enough to eat 6 pieces."
A teacher asked her students what religious objects they had in their homes.  One boy answered, "We have a picture of a woman with a halo holding a baby and every day my mother kneels in front of it."  The next little boy said, "We have a brass statue of a man seated with crossed legs and an Asian face, and every day my parents burn an incense stick before it."  Then a third boy piped up, "In the bathroom we have a flat, square box with numbers on it. Every day my mother stands on it first thing in the morning and screams,'OH MY GOD!!!'" 
"What does the Chaplain do?  A couple was touring the capitol in Washington, DC, and the guide pointed out a tall, benevolent gentleman as the Congressional Chaplain.  The lady asked, "What does the Chaplain do? Does he pray for the Senate or House?"  The guide answered, "No, he gets up, looks at both houses of Congress, then prays for the country!" 
Have you ever wondered why the angel sits on top of the tree? Let me tell you the story.  One December 23rd, Santa was very busy supervising the elves as they finished making their toys for him to give the children. As the elves finished for the day, Santa pulled the shift leader aside, telling him to make certain the elves rose at 7AM so they could begin loading his sleigh.  He went home to have dinner with his wife. After dinner, he told her he was going to bed as tomorrow would be a long day. He asked his wife to wake him at 6AM and have his clothes laid out and his breakfast waiting. Then he goes to bed.  He wakes at 8:30AM. He jumps out of bed and rushes around the room the get his clothes. He  begins to grow angry as he dresses. When he's dressed, he goes to the kitchen. There is no sign of his wife and no breakfast.   Growing more angry, he quickly pours himself a bowl of cereal which he eats as quickly as possible. Leaving the dirty bowl on the table, he goes out to his workshop to find no elves busily loading his sleigh.  He stands beside the empty sleigh, trying to get his anger under control when an angel walks up to him, dragging an evergreen tree behind her. Expecting Santa to be his usual jolly self, she asks, "Santa, what do you want me to do with this?
Vikas was singing in the bath and I could not understand the words so I asked him, "What are you singing?"   He replied, "Dad isn't very good at this song so I am singing it in fast forward " 
The conversation starts between girl and boy:   Boy: Do you have  pen?  Girl: No,I don't have.  Boy: Do you have  a pen?  Girl: She became angry and replied and no no I don't have a pen.  Again after sometime the boy asked; do you  have a pen?  Girl: No! NO...  again if you ask once I will hit you by a hammer?  Boy: Do you have a hammer?
Where do dinosaurs go to play?  The Jurassic park!
Why did the ostrich cross the desert?  To stick his head in the sand!
"What's the worst part about eating your vegetables?"  Putting them back in their wheelchairs when you're all done.
I went to my local cafe today for lunch and apologized to the waitress for bringing my pet goat.  She said it's OK today but it won't be allowed in future.  She asked me what I would like for lunch, I said "steak with fries and the Kid Special."
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it. 
Two guys are trying to get in a quick eighteen holes, but there are two terrible lady golfers in front of them hitting the ball everywhere but where it's supposed to go.  The first guy says, "Why don't you go over and ask if we can play through?"  The second guy gets about halfway there, turns and comes back.  The first guy says, "What's wrong?"  He says, "One of them is my wife, and the other is my mistress."  The first guy says, "That could be a problem. I'll go over." He gets about halfway there and he turns and comes back, too.  The second guy says, "What's wrong?"  The first guy says, "Small world!" 
Christian Football Definitions:  Quarterback Sneak - Church members quietly leaving during the invitation.  Draw Play - What many children do with the bulletin during worship.  Half-time - The period between Sunday School and worship when many choose to leave.  Benchwarmer - Those who do not sing, pray, work, or apparently do anything but sit.  Backfield-in-Motion - Making a trip to the back (restroom or water fountain) during the service.  Staying in the Pocket - What happens to a lot of money that should be given to the Lord's work.  Two-minute Warning - The point at which you realize the sermon is almost over and begin to gather up your children and belongings.  Instant Replay - The preacher loses his notes and falls back on last week's illustrations.  Sudden Death - What happens to the attention span of the congregation if the preacher goes "overtime."  Trap - You're called on to pray and are asleep.  End Run - Getting out of church quick, without speaking to any guest or fellow member.  Flex Defence - The ability to allow absolutely nothing said during the sermon to affect your life.  Halfback Option - The decision of 50% of the congregation not to return for the evening service.  Blitz - The rush for the restaurants following the closing prayer.
A young Southern boy goes off to college, but about 1/3 of the way through the semester, he has foolishly squandered away all of the money his parents gave him.  Then he gets an idea. He calls his daddy. "Dad," he says, "you won't believe the wonders that modern education are coming up with! Why, they actually have a program here at college that will teach our dog Ole Blue how to talk!"  "That's absolutely amazing," his father says. "How do I get him in that program?"  "Just send him down here with $1,000" the boy says. "I'll get him into the course." So, his father sends the dog and the $1,000.  About 2/3 way through the semester, the money runs out. The boy calls his father again. "So how's Ole Blue doing, son," his father asks.  "Awesome, Dad, he's talking up a storm," he says, "but you just won't believe this they've had such good results with this program that they've implemented a new one to teach the animals how to READ!"  "READ," says his father, "No kidding! What do I have to do to get him in that program? "  Just send $2,500, I'll get him in the class." His father sends the money.  The boy now has a problem. At the end of the year, his father will find out that the dog can neither talk, nor read. So he shoots the dog.  When he gets home at the end of the semester, his father is all excited. "Where's Ole Blue? I just can't wait to see him talk and read something!"  "Dad," the boy says, "I have some grim news. Yesterday morning, just before we left to drive home, Ole Blue was in the living room kicking back in the recliner, reading the morning paper, like he usually does. Then he turned to me and asked, 'So, is your daddy still messin' around with that little redhead who lives on Oak Street?"  The father says, "I hope you SHOT that sorry excuse for a dog before he talks to your Mother!"  "I sure did, Dad!"  "That's my boy!" 
Why do you never see an elephant up a tree?  Because they are really good at it.
A woman was following her boyfriend home in her car when he hit a rabbit in the road. He stopped the car and saw the rabbit lying prone in the road. He felt terrible.  His girlfriend assessed the situation and dug into her purse and sprayed the rabbit who quickly jumped up hopped a few feet and turned and waved one of his front paws.  The boyfriend said what did you spray him with? She said my hair spray it says on the label:  REVIVES DEAD HAIR (hare) GIVES PERMANENT WAVE
Gracie was driving down the road in her pickup truck when she spotted a blonde sitting in a canoe in the middle a corn field. She slammed on her brakes and swerved into the corn field.  Pulling up beside the blonde, she rolled down her window and shouted, "Hey! What do you think you're doing?!?"  The blonde in the canoe looked at her, confused and said, "Well, I'm just out enjoying the sun in my canoe."  Gracie was fuming. She yelled back, "Why are you out in the middle of the cornfield!?!"  "Well, it seemed like a great day to be in the wide open," the blonde replied.  "You know," Gracie said, "It's blondes like you that give blondes like me a bad name! If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt!"
A Mitochondrion walks into a bar and asks for some energy.  The barman says: "That'll be 80p!"
My best old friend asked me, "How do you keep your marriage so fresh?"  I said, "Well for the last 30 years we've done nothing together and we get along just fine! Why do you ask?"  He replied, "My wife has kind of the same idea."  "Oh?", I said.   "Yea a Divorce!"
A farmer was coming home from a hard day’s work, tired, thirsty and almost dehydrated. He stopped at a nearby house and asked for water.  A little boy who was home alone offered him lemonade instead of water. The more he drank, the more the boy told him he could have. He asked the boy if he was sure his mother would be pleased that he drank so much.  The boy replied, “You can have as much as you want because my dog died in it.”  Shocked and angry the man lifted the pitcher intending to use it to hit the boy who then shouted, "Oh no! No! Be careful or you'll break my mother’s bedpan!”
There were three kingdoms, each bordering on the same lake. For centuries, these kingdoms had fought over an island in the middle of that lake. One day, they decided to have it out, once and for all.  The first kingdom was quite rich, and sent an army of 25 knights, each with three squires. The night before the battle, the knights jousted and cavorted as their squires polished armor, cooked food, and sharpened weapons.  The second kingdom was not so wealthy, and sent only 10 knights, each with 2 squires. The night before the battle, the knights cavorted and sharpened their weapons as the squires polished armor and prepared dinner.  The third kingdom was very poor, and only sent one elderly knight with his sole squire. The night before the battle, the knight sharpened his weapon, while the squire, using a looped rope, slung a pot high over the fire to cook while he prepared the knight’s armor.  The next day, the battle began. All the knights of the first two kingdoms had cavorted a bit too much (one should never cavort while sharpening weapons and jousting) and could not fight. The squire of the third kingdom could not rouse the elderly knight in time for combat. So, in the absence of the knights, the squires fought.  The battle raged well into the late hours, but when the dust finally settled, a solitary figure limped from the carnage. The lone squire from the third kingdom dragged himself away, beaten, bloodied, but victorious.  And it just goes to prove, the squire of the high pot and noose is equal to the sum of the squires of the other two sides.
Visiting a genealogist, a man asked how much it would cost to have his family tree traced.   “It could cost thousands of dollars,” said the woman.   “I see. Well, isn’t there an easier way? A less expensive way?”   “Sure,” she replied. “Run for president.”  
Hey Doc this job interview has my nerves all out of shape, what should I do?   Doc -- well do as I do and have a lot of patients.
Have you ever watched Night of the Living Dead? I see a rerun of it every morning in the mirror!
Entering first grade, I was ask by the teacher if I had learned my ABCs and could I count to 100? I answered yes I had,  now can I be a Pharmacist?
Why was the chicken scared to cross the road?  Because there was a KFC on the other side....
Jim Visits the Family Doctor  Doc - Ha! Hey Jim what's up this time. Jim - This time it's a severe situation doc! Doc - mm Keep Saying Jim... Jim - Doc I've been that notorious clown since ever, but today I just found a site that pays for a good rated Joke and ever since then !!!!!!!!!!!!!! My Joking nerves trifle Me !!!!!!  Doc - Hahahahahahahahahahaha !!! ** Cracking   Jim - Okay! It's working now, Thanks Doc ;)  * Updates the Post ;) :D :P 
Q: How is Southwest Airlines capitalizing on Tiger Woods infidelty woes?    A: By introducing a special Tiger Woods rate where mistresses fly free!  
Mother: Did you behave well in church today, Marjie?  Marjie: I certainly did. A nice man offered me a plate full of money, and I said, "No thank you."
What kind of ride has the name Jaws?  Jaws the ride.
Once a foolish teen wanted to play Cricket with the local boys. They allowed him, and when it was his turn to bat the Wicket Keeper said, "You're holding the bat the wrong way".  The teen said that he knew. With the first ball he was out and the umpire raised his finger. The teen waved his own finger.  The umpire said "You're out!".  The teen replied "No I am not!".  The umpire said "Look one wicket has fallen down".  The teen said, "So what there are two more to go".
The assistant asked the blonde if she would like her pizza cut into six pieces or twelve.  “Six please” she said, “I could never eat twelve!”
Question: If a blonde and a brunette fell off a building, who would hit the ground first?  Answer: The brunette – the blonde would have to stop for directions!
Wife: Why don't you go out in the balcony, when I start singing.  Husband: Because the people would think I am beating you.
Marriage is not always wine and roses…but I have found that wine does help a lot!
Three men wanted to cross a river. They had no idea how to cross it, so one man knelt down on his knees and prayed "Lord give me the power and strength the cross the river." suddenly the man became very strong and swam across the river. The next man thought: if it worked for him, it'll work for me. So he knelt down and prayed "Lord give the skills and the strength to cross the river." the man built a canoe and rowed himself across the river. The last man thought: if it worked for both of them, I know it'll work for me. So he also knelt down and prayed “Lord give me the wisdom and knowledge to cross the river." He turned into a woman and walked across the bridge.
What do you call a woman/man without a brain?  Divorced
Flights with Aer Lingus to USA from Dublin for £50.  Use of the toilet £300. 
A man called, furious about an Orlando Florida vacation package a Travel Agency had booked for him. He was expecting an ocean-view hotel room.  The Travel Agency explained that was not possible, since Orlando is in the middle of the state.   “Don’t lie to me,” he said. “I looked on the map, and Florida is a very thin state.”
The Smiths were proud of their family tradition. Their ancestors had come to America on the Mayflower and their descendants included senators and Wall Street wizards.  They decided to compile a family history, a legacy for their children and grandchildren. They hired a fine author. Only one problem arose, how to handle great-uncle George, the criminal, who was executed in the electric chair.  The author said he could handle the story tactfully.  The book appeared. It said, "Great-uncle George occupied a chair of applied electronics at an important government institution, was attached to his position by the strongest of ties, and his death came as a great shock."
Give a man a rod and you wont see him all day, because he is fishing Give him the net and you won't see him for weeks????
I am an acrobatic pilot and fly upside down quite a lot and when this happens, my nose runs and my feet smell.
A young blonde goes to the doctor and says I hurt all over. The doctor says point to where you hurt.  She points to her elbow and says "OW!"  Then points to her head and says "OW" and then finally points to her leg and says "OW!"  The doctor says I have it figured out  you have a broken finger.
My Toy Pomeranian got ate by my grumpy old cat.  I hated it and I loved the little guy!     A few days later the cat coughed the little hairball up!   Hey, he lost a few pounds and looks pretty good!    
Why is Christmas like a day at the office?  Because, you do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
A man stands at the bar boasting that he has a dog that is the greatest fighter of all and will beat any dog in a fight and to prove this offers a prize of a $1,000 if his dog can be beaten.  An old man sitting near by says my Terrier will beat your dog no problem!  So the man immediately sets up a fight between the two dogs.  In the ring the two dogs are thrown in and the man's dog growls and starts to bite the other dog with its massive teeth for the terrier to flick itself around and snap the neck of the dog and then devour it whole!  True to his word the man counts out the grand and hands it over saying “just what type of Terrier is that?”  The old man puts the money in his pocket and replies “a long tailed short haired snub nose Terrier or Alligator for short.” 
" Doctor, I get this overpowering urge to sing 'Delilah'. Then I get this urge to sing 'The Green Green Grass of Home" " Hmmm, you are suffering from Tom Jones syndrome." " I've never heard of that doctor. Is it a rare complaint?" "It's not unusual" 
A woman asking people questions for her company's survey walked up to a man and asked if he would be willing to participate. He said, “Sure”.  She asked him to name something expensive that he wished he had never bought. The man answered, “My wedding ring.”
Obama is already tapped to be the local transplant transfer official						 in his Chicago suburb when he leaves office.  In other words,						 he's going to be the "Community Organ-icer!"						 
Why did the belt get locked up? He held up a pair of pants!
At a construction site on the 80th floor of a high rise building, the lone conservative on the crew was having a heated political discussion with the liberals on the project. Deciding to take a break, he called everyone over to the edge of the roof.  "Did you know," he began, "that there are extremely violent invisible updrafts that are able to keep a body floating in mid-air?  They only occur at certain times during the day between buildings.  Here, I'll show you!"  He then leaped off the side of the building, and with arms spread-eagle, floated effortlessly on an unseen cushion of air, and then gradually steered himself back to the safety of the roof. "That's awesome," one of the left-wingers shouted.  "I want to try it."	"Me too," another cried, and then another, and as they leaped over the side of the roof, one after the other, they fell 80 floors straight down to the ground, SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!  A crowd rushed over to witness the carnage, and while doing so, one of the spectators looked up and remarked, "Boy, Clark Kent sure hates liberals!"								 
Q: Who is the opposite of a Supreme Court Justice? A: Antonym Scalia 
Two coworkers were talking by the water fountain one guy said, "Today I got through the first step of getting divorced." The second guy replies, "Oh, did you go to Mr. Guggenheim? Everyone goes to him for divorces." The first man replies, "No, I just got married".
“Honey,” says a husband to his wife, “I invited a friend home for supper.”  “What? Are you crazy? The house is a mess. I haven’t been shopping, all the dishes are dirty, and I don’t feel like cooking a fancy meal!”  “I know all that.”  “Then why did you invite a friend for supper?”  “Because the poor fool’s thinking about getting married.”
Knock, knock! Who is there? Paul! Paul who! Paul light, and gentle, I knock, knock! Open up and snuggle! I Never break in!  
A kindergarten teacher was showing her class an encyclopedia page illustrating several national flags.  She pointed to the American flag and asked, “What flag is this?”  Little Sue called out, “That’s the flag of our country.”  “Very good,” the teacher said.  “And what’s the name of our country?”  Little Sue answered, “Tis of thee.”
After successfully getting their big line items approved in the congressional spending package, two lobbyists were celebrating at a Washington restaurant. “You know,” mused one, “it’s a crying, shame our grandchildren and great-grandchildren haven’t been born yet so they can see the terrific things the government‘s doing with their money. 
After successfully getting their big line items approved in the congressional spending package, two lobbyists were celebrating at a Washington restaurant. “You know,” mused one, “it’s a crying, shame our grandchildren and great-grandchildren haven’t been born yet so they can see the terrific things the government‘s doing with their money. 
Adam and Eve had an ideal marriage.  He didn’t have to hear about all the men she could have married, and she didn’t have to hear about the way his mother cooked.
A man walks into a piano store and says, "I would like to buy a hairy piano."  Perplexed, the sales clerk asked, "Why do you want a hairy piano?!"  Nonchalantly, the customer responded, "Well, the last piano store only had Baldwins."
There was some upset at Margaret Thatcher’s funeral when the decorations were being prepared. More specifically over the drawing pins used to put them up. The upset was caused because a cheap Polish imported brand was used; people said the organizers should have supported British businesses. Apparently some people were so upset they threatened to go on hunger strike. I thought we'd seen the end of the Pole Tacks Diets.
A speaker at Democratic National Convention asked the audience, "Are you better off now?" The audience answered in chorus voice, "Yes." As soon as the loud voice turned silent, a delegate stood up and asked, "How did the GOP get better off?" The speaker declared, "We all are on the same boat, remember?" The delegate exasperated, "Yeah, Noah's Ark - animals in couples!"
It was the firs day of school, and the first grade teacher decided to see how much her students knew about math. “Steven, can you tell me what is 3 and 2?”  Steven said, “That’s when you should watch very, very carefully before you swing at the next pitch.” 
A beginner rider at the stables was trying to saddle a horse.  “Excuse me,” said the old hand, “but you are putting that saddle on backwards.”  “How do you know?” snapped the student.  “You do not know which way I’m going.”
The census taker knocked on Miss Gibson’s door.  She answered all his questions except one.  She refused to tell him her age.  “But everybody tells their age to the census taker,” the man said. “Did Miss Mary Hill and Miss Patty Hill tell you their ages?”  “Certainly.” Well, I’m the same age as they are,” she snapped.  “As old as the Hills,” the man wrote on his form. 
A married couple is having problems so they go to counseling. They sit down with the specialist and the wife points out the numerous problems with their marriage. After about 10 minutes, the specialist gets up, walks over to the wife and kisses her passionately. Then he tells the husband “now sir, if this happens 3 times a week your wife will feel much better about herself and your relationship.” The man says; “well I can drop her off here on Mondays and Wednesdays but I go out drinking on Fridays.” 
A gentleman entered a busy florist shop that displayed a large sign that read “Say It with Flowers.”   “Wrap up one rose” he told the florist. “Only one?” the florist asked. “Just one,” the customer replied “I’m a man of few words.” 
The choir had just come out of rehearsal.  “Am I to assume that you do a lot of singing at home?” Mr. Harris asked a fellow choir member, David Grey.  “Yes, I sing a lot.  I use my voice just to kill time,” said David.  Mr. Harris nodded,  “You certainly have a fine weapon.”
Travis and McGee met over a beer in the local pub.  After a while the subject of sports came up.  Travis asked McGee, "Do you play golf?" "Sure," said McGee, "I play well enough to know why they call it 'golf'."   Puzzled, Travis asks, "Why do they call it 'golf'?" "Because," replied McGee, "that's the only 4-letter word left!!" 
A newlywed is trying to console his little bride, who sprawled, dissolved in tears on the couch.  “Darling’” he implored, “Believe me.  I never said you were a terrible cook.  I merely pointed out that our garbage disposal has developed an ulcer.”
A mushroom walks into a bar. He sees a pretty lady sitting all by herself so he walks up to her and takes a seat. He offers to buy her a drink. "No way," she replies, "you are a mushroom."  "Come on now," he says, "I’m FUNGI (fun-guy)" 
Two Cows are talking through a fence.  One cow says to the other, "You know, I'm really worried about this Mad Cow Disease." The other cow says to him, "I wouldn't be too worried about it.  It can't affect us chickens."
Words of Wisdom A complex system that does not work is invariably found to have evolved from a simpler system that worked just fine. 
Little Freddy's second-grade teacher was quizzing them on the Antartian alphabet. "Freddy," she says, "what comes after 'O'?" Freddy says, "Yeah!"
 Q: What insect is the worst at playing football?  A: A fumble bee 
A wealthy ninety year old tycoon is meeting with is financial advisor.  The advisor is very excited and tells the old man. “ I just found out about an investment I can make for you which will double your money in just five years!”  “Five years?  Are you kidding?” exclaims the old man.  “At my age, I don’t even buy green bananas!” 
Little Henry sits at the dinner table. He reaches for his plate, picks up a chicken leg, and starts to eat. His mother says, "Henry did you wash your hands?"   Henry replies, "No! I don’t want my chicken to taste like soap, mom!"
"If you are going to try cross-country skiing, start with a small country."
Waiter:  And how did you find your steak, sir? Customer:  Well, I just pushed aside a bean and there it was! 
Teacher: Today is the first day of the school, any questions? John: Yes, when will the Holidays start? 
A man was explaining to a friend how he managed to get home the previous night. " I was doing just fine until I turned into my driveway", he said. "And then what happened?" "Someone stepped on my hands!" 
Are you the tiger on the cerial box!  Cause your lookin' grrrrrrrrrreat!
Why is 6 afraid of 7?  Because 7,8,9.
Three old ladies are sitting in a diner, chatting about various things. One lady says, "You know, I'm getting really forgetful. This morning, I was standing at the top of the stairs, and I couldn't remember whether I had just come up or was about to go down." The second lady says, "You think that's bad? The other day, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I couldn't remember whether I was going to bed or had just waken up!" The third lady smiles smugly. "Well, my memory's just as good as it's always been, knock on wood." She raps the table. With a startled look on her face, she asks, "Who's there?!"
Q: What did the guy say when he walked into the bar? A: Ouch.
Q:  What do you call cheese that's not yours? A: Nacho cheese! 
Teacher: If you had 4 balls in your left pocket and 6 balls in your right pocket, what would you have?  Little Johnny: Really big pockets!
Why didn't the quarter roll down the hill with the nickel?  It had more cents.
Last night, I spent 5,000 bucks on a reincarnation seminar...   I figured, "What the heck, you only live once!"
They were dancing at the service club. He held her tight, his eyes were closed, and they danced as though floating on a cloud. Then the music stopped. "Let's go out on the porch," he said.   Outside, he took her in her arms and whispered in her shell-like ear, "Darling, I love you so. Say that you love me, too. I may not be rich like Sergeant Brown. I may not have a car like Sergeant Brown or spend money like he does, but I love you so much I'd do anything in the world for you."  Two soft, white arms reached around his neck, and two ruby lips whispered in his ear, "Darling, introduce me to Sergeant Brown."
Two drunks were in a bar partying like fools. They were drinking boiler makers, buying rounds like there was no tomorrow. They were dancing, calling each other "professor," and generally causing quite a stir. When asked why such a celebration, they boasted that they just finished a jigsaw puzzle & it only took them 2 months! "TWO MONTHS?!" cried the bartender. "That's ridiculous. It shouldn't take that long!!" "Oh yeah?" says one drunk. "The box said 2-4 YEARS!"
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb?  One, but they have to do it while you're eating dinner!  
What does Geronimo yell when he jumps out of a plane?
Every week Murray goes to the synagogue and prays, "God, please let me win the lottery. Just once,  please let me win the lottery."  This goes on week after week, month after month, "God, please let me win the lottery."  One day this majestic voice booms down from above, "Murray, meet me halfway, buy a ticket!"
At a restaurant...  Customer:  "This steak is burnt black!"  Waiter:  "Yes, sir. A mark of respect, sir. Our cook died yesterday."
How do you turn an elephant into an insect?  Take away the "eleph."
Two dogs talking...  Fido: I can't go to dog obedience school tonight.   Spot: Why not?  Fido: My master ate my homework.
There once was a Russian guy named Olaf who was mean, rude, and crude. One day his wife and her friend were in the kitchen discussing Christmas. Suddenly Olaf shouted, "It's gonna rain any moment now!"  Next thing you know it starts raining. The wife's friend is shocked. She said, "How in the world did he know that?"   Without missing a beat the wife said to her, "Rude Olaf the Red knows rain dear."
One of my friends hates exercise. To her, getting up in the morning is a moving violation.   The only exercise she get is pushing her luck, stretching the truth, and jumping to conclusions.  Although, she has been known to carry a grudge.
What has a hundred legs and lives on yogurt?   An aerobics class.
Did you hear about the vampire bike that went around biting people's arms off?   It was a vicious cycle...
It just dawned on me why Mayberry was so peaceful and quiet ... nobody was ever married!  Here are the single people that come to mind: Andy, Aunt Bea, Barney, Floyd, Howard, Goober, Gomer, Sam, Ernest T Bass, the Darlin family, Helen, Thelma Lou  and Clara.  In fact, the only one married was Otis, and he stayed drunk!
As a trucker stops at a red light, a young lady catches up. She jumps out of her car, runs up to his truck, and knocks on the door. The trucker lowers the window, and she says "Hi, my name is Heather and you're losing some of your load."   The trucker ignores her and proceeds down the street. When the truck stops for another red light, the girl catches up again. She jumps out of her car, runs up and knocks on the door. Again, the trucker lowers the window. As if they've never spoken, she says brightly, "Hi, my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load!"   Shaking his head, the trucker ignores her again and continues down the street. At the third red light, the same thing happens again. All out of breath, the girl gets out of her car, runs up, knocks on the truck door. The trucker lowers the window. Again she says "Hi, my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load!"   When the light turns green the trucker revs up and races to the next light. When he stops this time, he hurriedly gets out of the truck, and runs back to the young lady's car. He knocks on her window, and as she lowers it, he says "Hi, my name is Kevin, it's Winter in Michigan and I'm driving the SALT TRUCK!"
Tarzan comes home pooped and sits on the couch.  "Rough day?" asks his wife Jane.  He takes a deep breath and then replies, “It's a jungle out there!”
I had some pie of mine that I put in the refrigerator attached with a note saying "Don't eat me."  The next day, I opened the refrigerator door. The pie was gone, but there was a note saying, "Don't tell me what to do."
Q: Why didn't the fly go near the computer?  A: Because he was afraid he would get caught on the Web.
A sign in a Shoe Repair Store: - We will heel you, We will save your sole, We will even dye for you.  At an Optometrist's Office:  - If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place.  On a Plumber's truck: - We repair what your husband fixed.  - Don't sleep with a drip. Call your plumber.  On an Electrician's truck: - Let us remove your shorts.  At a Car Dealership: - The best way to get back on your feet – miss a car payment.  Outside a Muffler Shop: - No appointment necessary. We hear you coming.  In a Veterinarian's waiting room: - Be back in 5 minutes. Sit... Stay...  At the Electric Company:  - We would be delighted if you send in your payment on time. However, if you don't, YOU will be de-lighted.  In the front yard of a Funeral Home:  - Drive carefully. We'll wait.  In a Chicago Radiator Shop:  - Best place in town to take a leak.  Sign on the back of a Septic Tank Truck:  - Caution... this truck is full of Political Promises.
Mama rabbit was having a heck of a time keeping her brood under control.  Papa rabbit was already at work at his job in the carrot patch.	 		 "Benji, quiet down and eat your breakfast!" mama yelled. 			 "I don't want to!"	 		 "Lisa! Quit making a mess of your room.  You're making me very angry!"	 		 "I don't care!" 			 "Lonny, quit chasing that hamster! You're going to knock something over!"			  "I'll quit when I catch him!"	 		 Just then the phone rang, and an exasperated mama rabbit answered the phone. "How are things going?" asked papa rabbit. 			 "Not good," replied mama.  "I'm having a bad hare day!"			 
A pastor told the congregation his desire to lose weight and by declaring it to them he thought it would help him meet his goal. After several weeks of taking another route past his favorite pastry shop he made the mistake of going by it on his way to the church and he showed up with a large box of tasty treats.  "What happened to your diet? asked the head deacon.  "I prayed this morning as I  passed my favorite pastry shop that if the Lord wanted me to stop, to give me a sign by having a parking space open right in front of the shop. Sure enough, on the third trip around the shop there indeed opened up a free space."
I tried Flintstones vitamins once...  I didn't feel any better, but I could stop the car with my feet!
Everyone seems to be asking me, "Where do you see yourself five years from now?"  I always answer, "Five years from now, I'll see myself like I always do. In a mirror."
What does a yellow rock become if you throw it in the Red Sea?  Wet!
Almost every person is talking about getting an iPhone 7. I am the very first person to get an iPhone 8.   It's true, I have an iPhone 8!  Only problem is I used up all my data just downloading all the apps I needed.
How come there on no F's in phonetics?
My husband is the laziest man I know.   He is so lazy, he doesn't even bother to make coffee.   He just puts coffee in his mustache and drinks hot water.
Ballerinas are always on their toes...   Why don't they just get taller ballerinas?
Why do we wash bath towels?   Aren't we clean when we use them???
Who were the famous triplets of the New Testament?  First, Second, and Third John.
Al: You're looking glum.   Sam: Yeah, my doctor says I can't play football.   Al: Really? I didn't know he'd ever seen you play!
Knock Knock  Who's there?  Control Freak. Now you say, 'Control Freak who?'
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?    I'm halfway through my fish burger and I realize, "Oh my, I could be eating a slow learner..."
Take my advice  — I'm not using it.
How do you fix a broken tomato?  With tomato paste!
Did you hear about the ninety-two-year old man who married a woman of eighty-four?  They spent their entire honeymoon getting out of the car.
Ventriloquist: Hey buddy. Why don't you spell Apple for the audience.   Dummy: Can I go to the bathroom first?  Ventriloquist: Come on just spell Apple.  Dummy: I really need to go.   Ventriloquist: Just spell Apple first.   Dummy: All right. Apple. A-L-E  Ventriloquist: A-L-E? What happened to the P-P?  Dummy: It's running down your arm.
You know you're getting old, when walk past a cemetery and two guys begin running after you with shovels.
Husband: Tell me what you'd like for your birthday.  Wife: Frankly, I'd like a divorce.  Husband: Yikes! I wasn't planning on spending that much!
Son: Dad, will you remember me in 5 years? Dad: Yes.  Son: 1 year? Dad: Yes.  Son: 6 months? Dad: Yes.  Son: 1 month? Dad: Yes  Son 1 week? Dad: Yes.   Son: 5 days? Dad: Yes.   Son: 5 hours? Dad: Yes.  Son: 1 hour? Dad: Yes.   Son: 30 minutes? Dad: Yes.   Son: 1 minute? Dad: Yes.  Son: 1 second? Dad: Yes.   Son: Knock Knock Dad: Who's there? Son: See, you forgot me already!!!
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have...  The older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
Patient: Doctor, I think I'm suffering from lack of memory.   Doctor: How long have you had this problem?  Patient: What problem is that?
Why are kindergarten teachers so optimistic?  Because every day they try to make the little things count.
Farm Boy: My pop can't decide whether to get a new cow or tractor for his farm.  City Boy: He'd certainly look silly riding around on a cow.  Farm Boy: Yeah, but he would look a lot sillier milking a tractor!
Abner: We've got a hen down at our house that lays white eggs.   Luke: What's so wonderful about that?  Abner: Can you do it?
Are you tired of being ripped off?   Have no fear!   Send me a check for $29.99 plus $3.99 shipping and handling and you'll get my brand new book, "How Not To Get Ripped Off"!
Boss: Why should I hire you as my business consultant?  Applicant: I have credibility because I don't work for your company. No smart person would work here full-time.   Boss: I work here full-time  Applicant: Sorry. I'll try to speak slower.
Two detectives were investigating the murder of Juan Gonzalez. "How was he killed?" asked one detective.  "With a golf gun," the other detective replied.  "A golf gun! What is a golf gun?"  "I don't know. But it sure made a hole in Juan."
Bob: Why aren't you working?  Al: The boss and I had a fight, and he won't take back what he said.  Bob: What did he say?  Al: He said, "You're fired!"
I told her that no sensible person would go out in the cold weather wearing nothing but a bikini.   So she went out with a little moron.
What's the difference between a unicorn and lettuce?  One is a funny beast and the other is a bunny feast.
Definition of Epitaph: A belated advertisement for a line of goods that has been permanently discontinued.
I'll never forget the excitement when Grandpa shaved off his beard...  ... and we found out it was Grandma.
I just bought a new state-of-the-art washer/dryer. It even talks.   This morning it told me what it did with the other sock!
"I'm a little worried about our mailman. Last week I found a pile of bones on the front walk and the dog was picking his teeth with a postcard."
Why does it get hot after a baseball game?  Because all the fans leave.
I was a compulsive gambler. I finally quit and told my best friend that I would never gamble again.  He turns to me and says, "Wanna bet?"
Did you hear about the idiotic karate champion who joined the army?   The first time he saluted, he knocked himself out.
Daughter: I can't marry him, Mother. He's an atheist and doesn't believe there's a hell.   Mother: Marry him, my dear, and between us we can convince him that he's wrong.
While sitting through an exceptionally long sermon, little Donny was getting more restless by the minute. Suddenly in a loud whisper, he blurted out, "If we give him the money now, do you think he will let us leave?"
My mother-in-law sent me two sweaters for Christmas.   When she came for a visit, I put on one of the sweaters.   The first thing she said was, "What's the matter? Didn't you like the other one?"
Waitress: Haven't they giving you a menu yet, mister?  Starving customer: Yes, but I finished that half an hour ago. 
I went for a walk last night and my kids asked me how long I'd be gone...  I said, "The whole time." 
Doctor: Are you still taking the cough medicine I gave you?  Patient: No, I tasted it and decided I'd rather have the cough.
Why do the street signs that say "SLOW CHILDREN" have a picture of running child?
A boxer's trainer told him to stay down until 8...   He looked up from the canvas and asked, "What time is it now?"
My favorite baseball team keeps losing games, but they continue to have a T-Shirt Night, Cap Night, Bat Night, etc...  How about something new and exciting this season like a WINNING Night! 
Did you ever notice that when you blow in a dog's face, he gets mad at you, but when you take him on a car ride, he sticks his head out the window?
Did you hear about the nearsighted snake who fell in love with a piece of rope?
Why does cooking take about six hours, eating only three to five seconds, and washing dishes like seven days and seven nights???
Man one: Look at the lion tracks.   Man two: You can't fool me, lions don't run on tracks... trains run on tracks.
Guy goes and sees a psychiatrist.   Guy: I tend to over-exaggerate things.   Psychiatrist: How many times does this happen?  Guy: Over a bazillion times.
Some people who don't like seafood complain that it tastes too fishy...  How can you be so arrogant as to eat something and then complain that it tastes like itself???
The waiter was shocked when I told him I want my salad naked...  Took him a while to figure out I didn't want any dressing.
George and Mary were celebrating their 50th anniversary and were spending the night in the famous Washington DC Watergate Hotel. After retiring at midnight Mary recalled the spy story at the Watergate and asked her husband to get up and check the room.  Disgruntled he looked behind the mirror, the pictures, under the bed and finally under the big circular carpet in the center of the room under the chandelier. Mary exclaimed, "There, look, there is a big plate there, look under it."  Fortunately George had his Swiss Army knife and unscrewed the four large screws, finding nothing. Satisfied the room was not bugged they both went to sleep. Upon checkout the next morning the clerk asked them if they had any problems in their room last night. No, they replied and asked why he asked.  He told them that at midnight the room under them had the chandelier fall down in the center of their room.
Ever been told something, but you can't decide if it's a compliment or an insult?   Recently, when I greeted my coworker, she said, “You look so gorgeous, I didn’t recognize you!”
The local pastor was making his annual visit and was invited to dinner at the Brown family. As Mr. and Mrs. Brown prepared dinner in the kitchen, the pastor was sitting with their five year old son in living room.  The pastor asked the boy what he expected they were going to have for dinner. The boy immediately replied, "goat".  Thinking this was rather strange he asked, "What  makes you think we are going to have goat for dinner?"  The boy replied, "I heard dad tell mom they were having the old goat for dinner tonight."
Farmer John was in need of money and decided to try to sell his talking cow Bessie.  He put an ad on Craig's List and got a call the first day.  The potential buyer came over and wanted to see if indeed Bessie could talk. "My name is Ralph, and I'd like to see your talking cow."    Farmer John led him to the barn where Bessie was. "Here she is," Farmer John said. "I'll ask her a question and she'll answer it. Bessie, what do you call a person who borrows money without intending to pay it back?"  "Moooooo….."  said Bessie.  "See? She just said mooch! Here's another one. Bessie, if I wake up feeling crabby, I'm in a bad…."	 						 "Moooooo….."  said Bessie.   							 "Right! A bad mood! One more. Bessie, what is that bright object in the night sky?"	 						 "Moooooo……"  answered Bessie. 							 "The moon! Right! So, ready to take her home, Ralph?" 			  "You, sir, are an idiot!  I wouldn't buy diddly squat from you! Good bye!"							  Farmer John pondered for a moment, then asked Bessie, "I think that last question still didn't convince him.  What do you think, Bessie?"							  Bessie replied, "I think you're right.  I probably should have said Venus!"							 
Relish today, Ketchup tomorrow.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns behind his ears...   I just think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
Why did the computer programmer call his mother long distance?  Because that was her name.
When I was a teenager, I worked as a bagger for the local supermarket. One of the rules there was baggers cannot accept tips when helping people bring groceries to their car. One day I was putting groceries in an old man's car. When he was finished he said, "Here young man. I want you to have a picture of your uncle George."   What it really was, was a dollar bill. Thinking  quickly, I pocketed the 'picture'. I then asked him, "Have any pictures of my grandfathers Ulysses and/or Benjamin?" 
My girlfriend always gets her way by pretending she's crying.   She's using sigh-cology.
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
What's the difference between a frog and a cat?  A frog croaks all the time, while a cat only nine times.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
What time is it when you have to go to the dentist?  Tooth Hurty
In a beauty school, if someone misses their final exam, do they get a "make up" exam?
Yo momma so stupid, she doesn't even know this joke is about her.
Yo Momma so ugly she needs a prescription mirror.
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends, but what would be the point?
A young couple lived in a town filled with crime. After three neighbors had been robbed, the couple decided to get a guard dog. Visiting the pet store, the young wife asked for a good guard dog.  "Sorry, we're all sold out," the clerk replied. "All we have left is this little Scottie dog. But he does know karate!"  The woman didn't believe the clerk. The clerk said to the dog, "karate a chair." The dog broke the chair into pieces. Then he told the dog to "karate the table," and the dog quickly broke the table in half. So the woman bought the dog and took it home. Her husband was disappointed and skeptical about the Scottie dog's abilities as a guard dog. The wife told him about the dog's excellent karate skills.  "Karate, my behind!" the husband replied sarcastically.  To this very day, he is still in the hospital.
A man and a woman are sleeping together when suddenly there is a noise in the house. The woman quickly rolls over and blurts out, "It's my husband, you have to leave!"  The man jumps out of bed, gathers some of his clothing, jumps through the window, and crawls through the bushes and out on the street. After a moment, a realization sinks in. He calmly goes back into the house and says to the woman, "Wait, I'm your husband!"  Without missing a beat she replies, while giving him a dirty look. "So why did you run?"  
A man was walking in the street when he heard a voice: ''Stop! Stand still! If you take one more step, a brick will fall down on your head and will kill you.''  The man stopped and a big brick fell right in front of him. The man was astonished. He went on, and after awhile he was going to cross the road. Once again the voice shouted: ''Stop! Stand still! If you take one more step a car will run over you and you will die.''  The man did as he was instructed, just as a car came careening around the corner, barely missing him. ''Where are you?'' the man asked. ''Who are you?''  ''I am your guardian angel,'' the voice answered.  ''Oh yeah?'' the man asked. ''So where were you when I got married?'' 
There was a ventriloquist who had no work for six months. He went to his agent and told him he needed work badly.   The agent said, "There's no call for ventriloquists, but if you were a psychic I could get you plenty of work." So this ventriloquist went home and hung outside his door a psychic sign.   An hour later a woman knocks on the door. "I want to talk to my deceased husband. How much will it cost?"  The ventriloquist says, "If you talk to him, $50. If he talks to you, $100. If you both talk to each other while I'm drinking coffee, that's $200."
A grandma lovingly gives her granddaughter a kiss on the cheek upon seeing her at a family get-together. Afterwards, she noticed the little girl wiping her cheek.  “Are you wiping off my kiss?” she asked.   “No”, she smartly replied, somewhat embarrassed but quick on her feet, “I’m just rubbing it in!”
I recently ran into an old student of mine, who said, “I always liked you. You never had favorites."  "Why thank you," I replied.  Then he concluded with, "You were mean to everyone.”
Wife comes downstairs and asks her husband, who is lying on a sofa, "What have you been doing?"   He replies, "Killing Flies."  "How many you have killed so far?"  "Five, three males and two females."  "How did you figure that out?"  "Well, three were sitting on the remote and two were sitting on the phone."
Why did the hot dog put on a sweater?  Cause he was a chilly dog!
How did the farmer meet his wife?  He tractor down!
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch?  A: Beef Jerky
I just saw an ad on the New York City subway that read...   “Learn to read and speak English. Call us now!"
Two men walk into a bar. The first guy says he wants some H2O.  The second guy says he wants some H2O too.   The second guy died.
"Wake up, honey. It's time to go to school."  "But why? I don't want to go to school."  "Give me two reasons why you don't want to go to school."  "One, all the children hate me. Two, all the teachers hate me."  "Oh, that's no reason. Come on, you have to go to school."  "Give me two good reasons why I should go to school?"  "One, you are fifty-two years old. Two, you are the principal!"
Kofi walks in to a restaurant and wants to order chicken. Unfortunately, English is not his first language and he can't remember how to say chicken in English.   Kofi  sees the guy at the table next to him with a plate with 4 boiled eggs on it.  Kofi points to the plate of eggs and says to the waiter, “I want their mother!" 
A man bought a donkey from a preacher. The preacher told the man, "This donkey has been trained in a very unique way. The only way to make the donkey go is to say Hallelujah, and the only way to make it stop is to say Amen."  The man immediately got on the animal to try out the preacher's instructions. "Hallelujah!" he shouted. And immediately the donkey began to trot. "Amen!" he shouted again, and the donkey stopped immediately.  "This is great," he said. With Hallelujah he rode off very proud of his purchase. The man traveled for a long time through some mountains. Soon he was heading towards a cliff. He could not remember the word to make the donkey stop. "STOP!" he blurted, "HALT!" he blurted again. The donkey just kept going, "Oh no, Bible! Church! Please stop!" cried the man.  He was getting closer and closer to the edge of the cliff. Finally in desperation, the man said a prayer, "Please, dear God, please make this donkey stop before i go off this mountain, in Jesus name, AMEN!"  The donkey came to an abrupt stop, just one step from the edge of the cliff. After a brief moment to catch his breath, the man joyously said, "HALLELUJAH!"
The medical examiner bought a house on a coroner lot.
He didn't tell his mother he ate some glue. His lips were sealed.
I told my doctor that I could see stitches better than he can. He said, "Suture self."
Bear fights can often turn grizzly.
The government has a vast scrap yard in the middle of the desert. The congressman whose district it's in says someone might steal from it at night, so congress creates a night watchman, GS-4 position and hires a person for the job. Then the congressman asks, "How does the watchman do his job with out instruction?"  So congress creates a planning position and hires two people - one person to write the instructions, a GS-12, and one person to do time studies, a GS-11.  "How will we know the night watchman is doing the tasks correctly?" the congressman asks.  So Congress creates a quality control position and hires a GS-9 to do quality control studies and a GS-11 to write the reports. Then the congressman asks "How are these people going to get paid?"  So congress authorizes a positions of timekeeper, GS-9, and payroll officer, GS-11, and two people are hired to fill the slots.  "Who will be accountable for all of these people?" the congressman asks.  So they hire three people, and administrative officer, GS-13, an assistant administrative officer GS-12, and a legal secretary, a GS-8. On the eve of the next election season the congressman looks at the cost and says, "We have had this command in operation for one year and we are $40,000 over budget. We must cutback overall costs."  So they lay off the night watchman. 
A girl drew a picture of a car on a long road with a driver and 2 people in back seat and there were tree's in the background.  They ask her what story did that  represent.  She said that is when God drove Adam and Eve from the garden of Eden.
A sergeant gives a private a hard time. He says, "Private, I bet you are just waiting for me to die so you can come and urinate on my grave!"  The private replied, "No sir, when I get out of the army I am not going to stand in more long, long lines!" 
How does one feel where there's no coffee?  Depresso!
A dumb girl & her husband are lying in bed listening to the next door neighbor's dog. It has been in the backyard barking for hours & hours. The dumb girl jumps up out of bed and says, "I've had enough of this." She goes downstairs.  She finally comes back up to bed and her husband says, "The dog is still barking, what have you been doing?"  The dumb girl says, "I put the dog in our backyard; let's see how THEY like it!" 
Women are just like modern art. You'll never enjoy either if you try to understand them.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
The tombstones on the left were identical to the tombstones on the right. He was buried in the middle of the symmetry.
It's all about perspective...  being OVER the hill than is much better than being UNDER it.
Fact: The speed at which your girlfriend says “Nothing” when asked “What’s wrong?” is adversely proportional to the severity of the storm that’s coming.
At a college with a shady reputation, the new dean responded to investigations into the basketball team by suspending any basketball player who wasn't maintaining a passing average. Furious, the coach came storming into the dean's office, followed by one of his star players.  "You can't keep him from playing!" the coach roared. "We won't win this weekend without him!"  "I don't care," the dean said. "Things have gotten out of hand at this college."  "What do you mean, out of hand?" the coach demanded.  "I'll show you what I mean," the dean said. He turned to the basketball player and said, "Tell me,how much is six times seven?"  The player thought for several seconds. Then he said, "Thirty-one?"  The dean turned to the coach and said, "I rest my case."  "Oh, come on now," the coach said. "Why are you making such a big deal of it? After all, he only missed it by one." 
My grandfather worked in a blacksmith shop when he was a boy, and he used to tell me, when I was a little boy myself, how he had toughened himself up so he could stand the rigors of blacksmithing. One story was how he had developed his arm and shoulder muscles. He said he would stand outside behind the house and, with a 5 pound potato sack in each hand, extend his arms straight out to his sides and hold them there as long as he could.  After awhile he tried 10 pound potato sacks, then 50 pound potato sacks and finally he got to where he could lift a 100 pound potato sack in each hand and hold his arms straight out for more than a full minute.  Next, he started putting potatoes in the sacks.
What's the difference between the Army and the Boy Scouts?   The Boy Scouts don't have heavy artillery!  
Two nuns were shopping at a 7-Eleven store. As they passed by the beer cooler, one nun said to the other, “Wouldn’t a nice cool beer or two taste wonderful on a hot summer evening?”  The second nun answered, “Indeed it would, sister, but I would not feel comfortable buying beer, since I am certain it would cause a scene at the checkout stand.”   “I can handle that without a problem,” the other nun replied, and she picked up a six-pack and headed for the checkout.   The cashier had a surprised look on his face when the two nuns arrived with a six-pack of beer.   “We use beer for washing our hair,” the nun said. “Back at the convent, we call it ‘Catholic shampoo.’ ”  Without blinking an eye, the cashier reached under the counter, pulled out a package of pretzel sticks, and placed them in the bag with the beer. He then looked the nun straight in the eye, smiled, and said, “The curlers are on the house.” 
A man is stumbling through the woods, totally drunk, when he comes upon a preacher baptizing people in the river. He proceeds to walk into the water and subsequently bumps into the preacher. The preacher turns around and is almost overcome by the smell of alcohol, whereupon he asks the drunk, "Are you ready to find Jesus?"  The drunk answers, "Yes, I am."  So the preacher grabs him and dunks him in the water. He pulls him up and asks the drunk, "Brother have you found Jesus?"  The drunk replies, "No, I haven't found Jesus yet."  The preacher shocked at the answer, dunks him into the water again for a little longer. He again pulls him out of the water and asks again, "Have you found Jesus my brother?"  The drunk again answers, "No, I haven't found Jesus yet."  By this time the preacher is at his wits end and dunks the drunk in the water again --- but this time holds him down for about 30 seconds and when he begins kicking his arms and legs he pulls him up. The preacher again asks the drunk, "For the love of God have you found Jesus?"  The drunk wipes his eyes then catches his breath and says to the preacher, "Are you sure this is where he fell in?" 
The man of the house was getting frustrated with his yard. The grass just wasn't growing, wasn't green and lush like he had expected. He tried weed-n-feed, extra watering, and reseeding. His grass just wouldn't grow. The angry man sat down in the middle of his yard, and yelled out, "Why aren't you happy, grass, I've done everything for you!"  The grass replied, "Because I'm just not in the mood, dude. Don't you know what I am? I am crab grass! Now leave me alone. I am really not in the mood!"
Me: What happened to you? You don't look so good.  Friend: I got stung by a brose.   Me: There's no b in rose.   Friend: There was in this one!
A cruise ship full of Mother-in-Laws was heading towards Hawaii for a week when their ship capsized killing everyone. Their families cried for a for a whole week. But after 3 weeks one man was still crying, so the people asked him what was wrong? Why are you still crying? The man replies, "My Mother-in-Law missed the darn boat!
Did you hear about the dumb guy who bought "Math for Dummies" at Barnes & Noble for $19.99?  He gave the clerk a $100.00 bill and received a $1.00 bill back as his change.
There's this old lady at a supermarket. She goes to the produce section. She's rummaging around for a while. Then the Produce Manager sees this and starts talking to her.  Produce Manager: Can I help you ma'am?  Old Lady: I'm trying to find some broccoli.   Produce Manager: We're out of broccoli at the moment.   The old lady starts rummaging again.   Produce Manager: Can I help you ma'am?  Old Lady: I'm trying to find some broccoli.   Produce Manager: I just told you that we don't have any at the moment.   The old lady begins rummaging again.  Produce Manager: Can I help you ma'am?  Old Lady: I'm trying to find some broccoli.   Produce Manager: Is there straw in strawberry?  Old Lady: Yes.   Produce Manager: Is there van in vanilla?  Old Lady: Yes.   Produce Manager: Is there freak in broccoli?  Old Lady: There's no freak in broccoli!  Produce Manager: That's what I've been trying to tell you!!!
Yo' momma so old that her social security number is 000-00-0001!
One day God was looking down at Earth and saw all of the rascally behavior that was going on. So he called one of His angels and sent the angel to Earth for a time. When he returned, he told God, "Yes, it is bad on Earth; 95% are misbehaving and only 5% are not."  God thought for a moment and said, "Maybe I had better send down a second angel to get another opinion." So He called another angel and sent him to Earth for a time. When the angel returned he went to God and said, "Yes, it's true.The Earth is in decline; 95% are misbehaving, but 5% are being good."  God was not pleased. So He decided to e-mail the 5% that were good, because He wanted to encourage them, and give them a little something to help them keep going. Do you know what the e-mail said?   Okay, I was just wondering, because I didn't get one either. 
This patient runs into his psychiatrist's office and says, "Doc, I think I'm a tepee, no I think I'm a wigwam, no I think I'm a tepee, no I think I'm a wigwam, no I think I'm a tepee, no I think I'm a wigwam!"   The psychiatrist looks at him and says, "You're too tents!"
Yo' momma so ugly - when you was born you tried to crawl back in!!!
What do triplets need more than single babies? More Womb! 
A son of two parents found out a way to get money from almost anyone. He first went up to his mom said, "I know your secret." She said, "Here is 20 bucks, don't tell anyone."  He then went up to his dad and said, "I know your secret." He said, "Here is 20 bucks, don't tell anyone."  He saw the mailman and ran up to him and said, "I know your secret." The mailman said, "Here is 20 bucks, now get in the truck, son."
On his deathbed barely able to breathe, Edward smelled the aroma of freshly baked brownies. He always had a passion for this confection and thought to himself, "If I could just have one more brownie I could die in peace!"  He called to his wife but his voice was so frail she couldn't hear him. Not getting an answer, he slid out of the bed and onto the floor, then dragged himself across the room and out into the hallway.  Down the hall and down the stairs he slowly moved, crawling hand over hand closer to that heavenly smell. At the bottom of the stairs he pulled himself along painfully—hand over hand closer to that delicious aroma. He continued—through the living room, across the dining room, and finally up into his chair at the dining table. He reached across the table and grabbed the tray of freshly baked brownies.  But as Edward dragged the tray toward himself it made a scraping noise, and suddenly he heard his wife yell from the kitchen, "Don't touch the brownies, they're for the funeral!"
If you were a spider, you could learn everything on the web.
Once you start playing with software you quickly become aware that each software package has a revision code attached to it. It is obvious that this revision code gives the sequence of changes to the product, but in reality there's substantially more information available through the rev code than that. This is a guide for interpreting the meaning of the revision codes and what they actually signify.  1.0: Also known as "one point uh-oh", or "barely out of beta". We had to release because the lab guys had reached a point of exhaustion and the marketing guys were in a cold sweat of terror. We're praying that you'll find it more functional than, say, a computer virus and that its operation has some resemblance to that specified in the marketing copy.  1.1: We fixed all the killer bugs...  1.2: Uh, we introduced a few new bugs fixing the killer bugs and so we had to fix them, too.  2.0: We did the product we really wanted to do to begin with. Mind you, it's really not what the customer needs yet, but we're working on it.  2.1: Well, not surprisingly, we broke some things in making major changes so we had to fix them. But we did a really good job of testing this time, so we don't think we introduced any new bugs while we were fixing these bugs.  2.2: Uh, sorry, one slipped through. One lousy typo error and you won't believe how much trouble it caused!  2.3: Some jerk found a deep-seated bug that's been there since 1.0 and wouldn't stop nagging until we fixed it!!  3.0: Hey, we finally think we've got it right! Most of the customers are really happy with this.  3.1: Of course, we did break a few little things.  4.0: More features. It's doubled in size now, by the way, and you'll need to get more memory and a faster processor ...  4.1: Just one or two bugs this time ... Honest!  5.0: We really need to go on to a new product, but we have an installed base out there to protect. We're cutting the staffing after this.  6.0: We had to fix a few things we broke in 5.0. Not very many, but it's been so long since we looked at this thing we might as well call it a major upgrade. Oh, yeah, we added a few flashy cosmetic features so we could justify the major upgrade number.  6.1: Since I'm leaving the company and I'm the last guy left in the lab who works on the product, I wanted to make sure that all the changes I've made are incorporated before I go. I added some cute demos, too, since I was getting pretty bored back here in my dark little corner (I kept complaining about the lighting but they wouldn't do anything). They're talking about obsolescence planning but they'll try to keep selling it for as long as there's a buck or two to be made. I'm leaving the bits in as good a shape as I can in case somebody has to tweak them, but it'll be sheer luck if no one loses them. 
What goes Mu-Mu?   A cow that studders.
My wife told me that I did not love any of her relatives...  I told her that is not true. I said, "I love your mother-in-law and father-in-law much more than I love mine."
A minister parked his car in a no parking zone in a large city because he was short of time and couldn't find a space with a meter. So he put a note under the windshield wiper that read: "I have circled the block 10 times. If I don't park here, I'll miss my appointment. FORGIVE US OUR TRESPASSES."  When he returned, he found a citation from a police officer along with this note: "I've circled this block for 10 years. If I don't give you a ticket, I'll lose my job. LEAD US NOT INTO TEMPTATION." 
What is a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet?   RRR?   Nope, it would have to be the letter C (sea).
So a friend of mine recently was killed from a vase breaking over his head. It's such a shame as he was such a smashing individual.
A young Naval Officer was in a terrible car accident, but due to the heroics of the hospital staff the only permanent injury was the loss of one ear. Since he wasn’t physically impaired he remained in the military and eventually became an Admiral. However, during his career he was always sensitive about his appearance.   One day the Admiral was interviewing two Navy Master Chiefs and a Marine Gunnery Sergeant for his personal staff. The first Master Chief was a Surface Navy type and it was a great interview. At the end of the interview the Admiral asked him, “Do you notice anything different about me?” The Master Chief answered, “Why yes. I couldn’t help but notice you are missing your starboard ear, so I don’t know whether this impacts your hearing on that side.” The Admiral got very angry at this lack of tact and threw him out of his office.  The next candidate, an Aviation Master Chief, when asked this same question, answered, “Well yes, you seem to be short one ear.” The Admiral threw him out also. The third interview was with the Marine Gunnery Sergeant . He was articulate, extremely sharp, and seemed to know more than the two Master Chiefs put together. The Admiral wanted this guy, but went ahead with the same question. “Do you notice anything different about me?” To his surprise the Gunnery Sergeant said, “Yes. You wear contact lenses.”  The Admiral was impressed and thought to himself, what an incredibly tactful Marine. “And how do you know that?” the Admiral asked. The Gunny replied, “Well sir, it’s pretty hard to wear glasses with only one ear.”
I hate it when I think I'm buying organic vegetables, but when I get home they're just regular donuts. That's why I now only buy carrot cake donuts, so I can eat healthy.
Male job interviewer:  "Last name?"   Attractive blonde interviewee:  "Pelling... P...E...L...L...I...N...G..."  Interviewer:  "Marital status ?" Interviewee:  "Single, no kids."     Interviewer, after pausing to 'check her out', asks:  "Are you purposely miss-spelling?"  
One day a drunk minister gets pulled over by a police officer.   Police Officer: Have you been drinking alcohol?  Minister: No, sir. Just this bottle of water.  Police Officer: That looks like a bottle of Chardonnay to me.  Minister: (looking up) Sweet Jesus! You've done it again!
A man rolls on the couch, clutching his knee in agony. His wife asks him, "What's the  matter dear?”  The man replies, "I have got a splitting headache in my knee."  
A guy in a bar, trying a new pick-up line, says to a girl, "Do you like raisins?"  She says, "No, sorry."  He then says, "Do you like nuts?"  She says, "No, sorry."  Finally he says, "How about a date?" 
A secretary has been to London with her boss. When she is back at the office one of her colleagues asks her if the boss has shown her Big Ben.  "Yes, already on the boat."
Q:  What is the loudest sport? A:  Tennis, because everyone raises a racquet.
What's the difference between a jeweler, a vendor, and a bottle of glue?  A jeweler sells watches. A vendor watches what he sells.  As for the bottle of glue, I thought you might have got stuck with that one.
A man has written a book about how to understand women. The pages are blank.
I went to the local bookstore and asked where the self-help section was. The worker said that if he told me, it would defeat the purpose.
I'm writing a book about reverse psychology.   Please don't buy it.
What did the dinosaur get on its Maths test?  Nothing, it got an Extinction!
Q: How does a teenage schoolboy propose marriage?  A: YOUR HAVING A WHAT!?!
Question: How do you turn a fox into a pit bull?  Answer: You marry her.
After a vigorous workout at a local health club, Joe was finishing up his post workout shower and shave. As he was he finishing up his shave, Joe answered the cell phone after 5 rings.  He said into the phone, "I would go with the Lexus SUV rather than the KIA sedan... I think you should also go with the leather instead of the cloth interior... You asked about the 14 inch wheels vs. the 16 inch, I would go with the 16 inch... And power seats and all other power features and options... As to the color, you should pick what you like."  He then hung up the cell phone.  After another minute he picked up the cell phone again and said in a loud voice so even the guys still in the shower could hear him, "HEY, DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHOSE CELL PHONE THIS IS?" 
Two snakes are slithering around. The first one looks at the second and asks "Hey, are we poisonous?" The second one replies "No, why?" The first one says "Whew! Cuz I just bit my lip!"
Smart boss + smart employee = profit Smart boss + dumb employee = production Dumb boss + smart employee = promotion Dumb boss + dumb employee = overtime  
Q: What is the one thing that most men at a singles bars have in common?  A: They are all married. 
Q: How do you know when your cat's done cleaning himself?  A: He's smoking a cigarette. 
What's the difference between a Dog and a Fox 5 drink or less
A big corporation recently hired several cannibals in the interest of cultural diversity. "You are all part of our team now," said the HR rep during the welcoming briefing. "You get all the usual benefits and you can go to the cafeteria for something to eat, but please don't eat any of the other employees."  The cannibals promised they would not. Four weeks later, their boss remarked, "You're all working very hard and I'm satisfied with you. However, one of our shipping clerks has disappeared. Do any of you know what happened to her?" The cannibals all shook their heads no.  After the boss left, the leader of the cannibals said to the others, "Which one of you idiots ate the shipping clerk ?" A hand rose hesitantly, to which the leader of the cannibals continued, "You fool --- for 4 weeks we've been eating managers and no one noticed anything. But NOOOO, you had to go and eat someone who actually does something!" 
A dyslexic walks into a bra.
A grandmother was pushing her little grandchild around Walmart in a buggy. Each time she put something in the basket she would say, "And here's something for you, Diploma," or "This will make a cute little outfit for you, Diploma," and so on.  Eventually a bewildered shopper who had heard all this finally asked, "Why do you keep calling your grandchild Diploma?"  The grandmother replied, "I sent my daughter to Virginia Tech and this is what she came home with!" 
Women are like apples on trees. The best ones are at the top of the tree. Most men don't want to reach for the good ones because they are afraid of falling and getting hurt. Instead, they sometimes take the apples from the ground that aren't as good, but easy pickings.  The apples at the top think something is wrong with them, when in reality, they're amazing. They just have to wait for the right man to come along, the one who is brave enough to climb all the way to the top of the tree.  Now Men......... Men are like a fine wine. They begin as grapes, and it's up to women to get the best of them until they turn into something acceptable to have dinner with. 
A speeding motorist was caught by radar from a police helicopter in the sky. An officer pulled him over and began to issue a traffic ticket. "How did you know I was speeding?" the frustrated driver asked.  The police officer pointed somberly toward the sky. "You mean," asked the motorist, "that even HE is against me?" 
My husband, being unhappy with my mood swings, bought  me a mood ring the other day so he would be able to monitor my moods.  We've discovered that when I'm in a good mood, it turns a beautiful blue-green. When I'm in a bad mood, it leaves a big red mark on his forehead.  Maybe next time he'll buy me a diamond.
A professor has just died and is standing in line waiting to be judged and admitted to Heaven. While waiting, he asks the man in front of him about himself. The man says, "I am a taxi driver from New York City."   The angel standing at the gate calls out next, and the taxi driver steps up. The angel hands him a golden staff and a cornucopia of fruits, cheeses, and wine and lets him pass. The taxi driver is quite pleased and proceeds through the gates.   Next, the professor steps up to the angel who hands him a wooden staff and some bread and water. The professor is very concerned and asks the angel, "That guy is a taxi driver and gets a golden staff and a cornucopia! I spend my entire life teaching and get nothing! How can that be?"   The angel replies, "Up here we judge on results. All of your people sleep through your lectures, in his taxi, they pray!" 
A teacher asks her students what religious objects they have in their homes.  One boy answers, "We have a picture of a woman with a halo holding a baby and every day my mother kneels in front of it."  The next little boy says, "We have a brass statue of a man seated with crossed legs and a Chinese face, and every day my parents burn an incense stick before it."  Then a third boy pipes up, "In the bathroom we have a flat, square box with numbers on it. Every day my mother stands on it first thing in the morning and screams, 'OH MY GOD!!!'" 
One night, a torrential rain storm soaked South Louisiana. The next morning the resulting floodwaters came up about 6 feet into most of the homes. Mrs. Boudreaux was sitting on her roof with her neighbor, Mrs. Thibodeaux, waiting for help to come.   Mrs. Thibodeaux noticed a baseball cap floating near the house. She saw it float far out into the front yard then float back to the house. It kept floating away from the house then back towards the house. Her curiosity got the best of her so she asked Mrs. Boudreaux, "Do you see that there baseball cap a floatin' away from the house, then back again?"   Mrs. Boudreaux said, "Oh yeah, that's my husband. I told that jackass he gonna cut the grass today come hell or high water!"
A backward poet writes inverse.
Last night I left my dentures under my pillow by accident. The Tooth Fairy must have come by because she left me a pile of Monopoly money with a note saying, "Nice try."
A man with a gun is robbing a bank. He asks one of the bank customers if he saw him rob the bank. The guy says he did. The robber then shoots him in the head killing him immediately. The robber then asks a couple nearest to him the same thing. The husband says that he didn't but his wife did.
For poker playing plumbers, a flush beats a full house.
Q: How can you determine when the portable stage is level?  A: The drummer will be drooling equally out of both corners of his mouth.
The drummer twisted a peg on the bassist's guitar then refused to tell him which one.
My doctor called me a fine physical specimen. I later learned what these medicos call specimen.
What did the doctor say about your bladder infection?  Urine trouble
Einstein developed a theory about space... and it was about time too!
An indian man was walking down the road when he suddenly had a heart attack and fell to the ground. And ambulance was called and within minutes the ambulance arrived. The victim was taken into the ambulance and it sped off. In the ambulance the victim being a religious man started to repeat "hari om, hari hom, ari om"  The ambulance drove as fast as it could siren sounding and lights flashing. Finally it arrived! They took the victim down and pushed him to the door and rang the doorbell. A woman appeared and was shocked to see her husband on stretcher and inquired what happened. The medical officer explained what happened to her. She screamed," why didn't you take him to the hospital!?"  The medical officer explained, " we tried too but he kept repeating "hurry home hurry home hurry home'. So we took him right to his home.'  The wife was furious and exclaimed, "you idiot! He was praying our hindu prayer  "hari om hari om!'
So I'm heading up to my parents house driving like 90 mph when a lady cop pulls me over, comes up to my car and she's like...  "Young man, speeding? I've been waiting for you all day."  I look up to her and I say, "I'm so sorry I'm late officer, I got here as fast as I could..."
Did you ever hear of a Jewish Wine?  "I wanna go to Florida!!!"
An escaped convict broke into a house and tied up the young couple who lived there. They had been sleeping so he just tied them to the bed.  As soon as he had a chance, the husband turned to his wife, bound up on the bed in her skimpy nightgown, and whispered, "Honey, this guy hasn't been with a woman in years. Just cooperate with anything he wants. If he wants to have sex with you, just go along with it and pretend you like it. Our lives depend on it."  She hissed and spit out her gag and said, "I'm so relieved you feel that way, because he just told me he thinks you are really cute!"
There was a huge nut tree by the cemetery fence. One day two boys filled up a bucketful of nuts and sat down by the tree, out of sight, and began dividing the nuts. "One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me," said one boy. The bucket was so full, several rolled out towards the fence.   Cycling down the road by the cemetery was a third boy. As he passed, he thought he heard voices from inside the cemetery. He slow down to investigate. Sure enough, he heard, "One for you, one for me. One for you." He knew what it was. "Oh my god!" he shuddered, "It's Satan and St. Peter dividing the souls at the cemetery!"   He cycled down the road and found an old man with a cane, hobbling along. "Come quick!" he said, "You won't believe what I heard. Satan and St. Peter are down at the cemetery dividing the souls."   The man said, "Shoo, you brat! Can't you see I'm finding it hard to walk as it is!" After several pleas, the man hobbled to the cemetery and heard, "One for you, one for me. One for you, one..." The old man whispered, "Boy, you's been tellin' the truth! Let's see if we can see the Devil himself."   Shivering with fear, they edged toward the fence, still unable to see anything, but they heard, "One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me. And one last one for you. That's all. Let's go get those nuts by the fence, and we'll be done."   They say the old guy made it to town 10 minutes before the boy!
Rob and Joyce meet in college and soon after fall in love and get married.  Several years later Joyce has a tragic bobsledding accident and dies.  Rob is devastated and lives alone for several years.   After several more years he meets another lady and her name is Joyce.  They get married and what did Rob do???  He reJoyced!!!
A woman visited a modern-art gallery. One painting was bright blue with vivid orange swirls and the one hanging next to it was black with lime-green splotches.  The artist stood nearby, so as politely as she could, the woman said to him, "I'm sorry, but I just don't understand you paintings."  "I paint what I feel inside me," the artist replied.  "I see," the woman replied innocently. "Have you tried Alka-Seltzer?"
On the church newsletter were these instructions -   Hold this paper close to your nose and breath deeply. If the sheet turns green, you need to see a doctor. If it turns blue see your dentist. If it turns red see your bank manager. If it turns black, you need to check your will, so see your lawyer immediately. If, however, it does not change color then there is nothing wrong with you, and there is 'no' reason why you shouldn't be in church next week. 
A guy and a girl meet at a bar. They get along so well that they decide to go to the girl's place. A few drinks later, the guy takes off his shirt and then washes his hands. He then takes of his trousers and washes his hands again. The girl has been watching him and says, "You must be a dentist."  The guy, surprised, says "Yes! How did you figure that out?"  "Easy," she replied, "you keep washing your hands."  One thing led to another and they make love. After they are done, the girl says, "You must be a good dentist."  The guy, now with a boosted ego says, "Sure, I'm a good dentist, How did you figure that out?"  "Didn't feel a thing!"
A police car pulled me over near the high school where I teach. As the officer asked for my license and registration, my students began to drive past. Some honked their horns, others hooted, and still others stopped to admonish me for speeding.  Finally the officer asked me if I was a teacher at the school, and I told him I was.  "I think you've paid your debt to society," he said with a smile, and left without giving me a ticket. 
You can win a lot of money by betting people that you know the score of Super Bowl 50 (or any other sports game that has a score in it) before it happens.   You guys/gals can place the bet. Then you say: "The score of Super Bowl 50 (or any other sports game that has a score in it)  is 0-0 BEFORE IT HAPPENS!!!"
Little Kelvin's darkest day was when he was asked by his mathematics teacher to solve a problem on the board. The question was asking for the answer to 2+3.  He knew he couldn't solve that so he glanced towards his bright friend for help. His friend willing to help but fearing to speak out loud, showed him his palm as a silent indication to the answer.   So little Kelvin drew the palm. 
We all know that the Super Bowl is the football game with the AFC champion playing the NFC champion.  There should be a Toilet Bowl where the worst team in each conference plays each other, where the winning team gets the first round draft pick and/or a plunger shaped trophy.
The city boy goes to countryside to visit his uncle. After the sun goes down, the boy hears strange, another-world howling. He gets frightened and runs to his uncle. "Uncle, uncle, there are werewolves!"  "That's rubbish, boy, ain't no such thing".  "'Then, there must be man-eating wolves".  "No, we haven't got those buddies, either."  "What is this sound, then?" the boy asks.  "They are coyotes".  "Coyotes? What are those?"  "They look a lot like dogs. In fact, ya can consider them a kind of dog."   The boy wants to find out more: "Why are they making that frightening noise?"  "See, nephew, we ain't got many trees around here. We got cactuses!"  
It was a small town and the patrolman was making his evening rounds. As he was checking a used car lot, he came upon two little old ladies sitting in a used car. He stopped and asked them why they were sitting there in the car. Were they trying to steal it?   "Heavens no, we bought it."   "Then why don't you drive it away."   "We can't drive."   "Then why did you buy it?"   "We were told that if we bought a car here we'd get screwed ...so we're just waiting."
Mable and Faye are sitting in their retirement home discussing the little old men who lived there.  Mable says, “I sure am lonely since my husband died…I wish I had a boyfriend, but am not sure how to catch the attention of the geezers around here”.   Faye says, “These gentlemen are lonely also, and many haven’t had any romance in their lives for decades. I bet if they thought they could get a kiss you’d have their attention”.  So Mable starts walking the halls, and comes to the first room and knocks. A little old man answers, and she says “I’m offering up super kisses, you interested?” but he replies, “No thanks” and shuts the door.  She doesn't get discouraged, and heads to the next room. “I’m offering up super kisses, you interested?”  but again, this man is not interested.  This continues for several attempts, and when she finally gets to the room at the end of the hall again she knocks. A little old man answers the door.  “I’m offering up super kisses, you interested?” she asks.  He replies, “I don’t want a kiss, but I’ll take the soup”.
As the crowded elevator descended, Mrs. Silverman became increasingly furious with her husband, who was delighted to be pressed against a gorgeous young blonde woman.   As the elevator stopped at the main floor, the blonde suddenly whirled, slapped Mr. Silverman, and said, "That will teach you to pinch!"   Bewildered, Mr. Silverman was halfway to the parking lot with his wife when he choked, "I . . . I didn't pinch that girl."   "Of course you didn't," replied his wife, consolingly. "I did."  
Q: Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?  A: No, but they had a fig!
* In primitive society, when native tribes beat the ground with clubs and yelled, it was called witchcraft; today, in civilized society, it is called golf.  * The man who takes up golf to get his mind off his work soon takes up work to get his mind off golf.  * Golf was once a rich man's sport, but now it has millions of poor players!  * Golf is an expensive way of playing marbles.  * The secret of good golf is to hit the ball hard, straight and not too often.  * There are three ways to improve your golf game: take lessons, practice constantly -- or start cheating.  * An amateur golfer is one who addresses the ball twice - once before swinging, and once again, after swinging.  * Many a golfer prefers a golf cart to a caddy because it cannot count, criticize or laugh.  * Golf is a game in which the slowest people in the world are those in front of you, and the fastest are those behind.  * Golf: A five mile walk punctuated with disappointments.  * There's no game like golf: you go out with three friends, play eighteen holes, and return with three enemies.  * Golf got its name because all of the other four letter words were taken.
All of his life George from Cape Breton had heard stories of an amazing family tradition. It seems that his father, grandfather and great-grandfather had all been able to walk on water on their 21st birthday. On that day, they'd walk across the lake to the boat club for their first legal drink.  So when George's 21st birthday came around, he and his pal Corky took a boat out to the middle of the lake. George stepped out of the boat and nearly drowned! Corky just managed to pull him to safety.  Furious and confused, George went to see his grandmother. "Grandma, it's my 21st birthday, so why can't I walk across the lake like my father, his father, and his father before him?"  Granny looked into George's eyes and said, "Because  your father, grandfather and great grandfather were born in January, you were born in July." 
Whenever I go to a restaurant, I always order is "dihydrogen monoxide on the rocks with a clear siphoning tube inside a glass".  The waiters/waitresses always ask me what drink is that?  I tell them that's the scientific name of a glass of ice water with a straw.
When TV repairmen get married they get excellent receptions.
Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?  He didn't want to fall in the hot chocolate.
A young family moved into a house next door to a vacant lot. One day a construction crew turned up to start building a house on the empty lot.  The young family's 6 year old daughter naturally took an interest in all the activity going on next door and started talking with the workers. She hung around and eventually the construction crew - gems in the rough all of them - more or less adopted her as a kind of project mascot. Chatted with her, let her sit with them while they had coffee and lunch breaks, and gave her little jobs to do here and there to make her feel important. At the end of the first week they even presented her with a pay envelope containing a dollar.  The little girl took this home to her mother who said all the appropriate words of admiration and suggested that they take the dollar pay she had received to the bank the next day to start a savings account. When they got to the bank the teller was equally impressed with the story and asked the little girl how she had come by her very own pay check at such a young age.  The little girl proudly replied, "I've been working with a crew building a house all week." "My goodness gracious," said the teller, "and will you be working on the house again this week too?" "I will if those useless jerks at the lumber yard ever bring us the f@#@$'n drywall," replied the little girl.
Question:  Why did Yo Momma poke herself in the eye?  Answer:  She wanted to see what her fingertip looked like!
Dr. Epstein was a renowned physician who earned his medical degree in his home town and left for Manhattan. Soon he was invited to give a speech back in his home town. As he placed his papers on the lectern they slid off onto the floor and when he bent over to retrieve them, at precisely the wrong instant, he passed a gigantic fart and the microphone amplified it throughout the room.  He was embarrassed but regained his composure to deliver his paper. After he concluded, he raced out the stage door, never to be seen in his hometown until decades later.  His return those many years later was to visit his ailing, elderly mother. He reserved a hotel room under a false name, Levy, and arrived under cover of darkness.  The desk clerk asked him, "Is this your first visit to our city, Mr. Levy?"  Dr. Epstein replied, "Well, young man, no, it isn't. I grew up here but then I moved away."  "Why haven't you visited?" asked the clerk.  "I did visit once, many years ago, but an embarrassing thing happened and since then I've been too ashamed to return."  The clerk consoled him, "Sir, while I don't have your life experiences, one thing I've learned is that often what seems embarrassing to me isn't even remembered by others. I'll bet that's true of your incident, too."  Dr. Epstein replied, "Son, I hope that's the case with my incident."  "Was it a long time ago?"  "Yes, many years."  "Was it before or after the Epstein Fart?"
A man goes to a job interview. His resume was fantastic and his qualities was perfect for the company. The interviewers were impressed.  "You are a strong candidate, and we would like to hire you. However, there's this 5 years gap in your resume. What were you doing during that time?"  "I went to Yale"  "Wow great! You're hired"  "Yay, I got a yob!"
A charity worker knocked on Mrs Smiths door and said " Hello, I'm collecting for a home for drunkards. Can you donate anything?".  "Yes" replied Mrs Smith "If you come back after closing time you can have my husband". 
This guy was drinking at the bar counter. Every time he took a drink he would pull something from his pocket and look at it. Eventually the curiosity of the bartender got the better of him and he asked the guy what he is looking at. He  replied: I’ve got a picture of my wife in my pocket and when she begins to look good I know I have had enough.
Rick, my husband, and I had a hectic holiday schedule encompassing careers, teenagers, shopping, and all the required doings of the season.  Running out of time, I got the stationer to print our signature on our Christmas cards, instead of signing each one.  Soon we started getting cards from friends signed "The Modest Morrisons,"  "The Clever Clarks," and "The Successful Smiths."  Then it hit me.  I had mailed out a hundred cards neatly imprinted with "Happy Holidays from the Rich Armstrongs."   
What do you call a three legged dog?  Tripod!  What do you call a two legged dog?  Bipod!   What do you call a one legged dog?  Pogo!
It's dinner time. Mom tell her 4 year old son to give a call to his dad to get home early for dinner together.   Mom: "Son, please give your father a call and tell him to come back early, we'll having dinner together"  Son: "Yes ,mom."  A moment later...dialing...  Son:" Mom...someone had pick up the call...but..."  Mom: "But what?"  Son: "It sounds like a..."  Mom: "Any problem with that?"  Son:"No mom..."  Mom: "So?"  Son: "hmm..."  Mom: "Make sure tell your dad to come back early..."  Son: "Yeah...but...that's not dad, is...a women's voice..."  Mom:"What!!!"  His mom getting angry with this... Soon,daddy went home.  Dad:"Hey darling,I'm back..."  Mom(angry): "MAKE SURE TO CLEAN YOURSELF FIRST! DON'T TRY TO LIE IN THIS FAMILY!!!"  Dad: "Hey??? What I've done....?"  They argue for a long time... Dad goes straight to his room and mom sits on the sofa.  After a while...  Son: "Mom, please don't angry..."  Mom: "Your father betrayed us, he had another women... (mom crying)  Son:"Don't cry mom, father won't leave us and the women told me to try later..."  Mom: "Gosh!!! what else she told you?"  Son: She told me that, "The number you've dial is out of coverage, please try later."
Susie's husband had been slipping in and out of a coma for several months. Things looked grim, but she was by his bedside every single day. One day as he slipped back into consciousness, he motioned for her to come close to him. She pulled the chair close to the bed and leaned her ear close to be able to hear him.   "You know" he whispered, his eyes filling with tears, "you have been with me through all the bad times. When I got fired, you stuck right beside me. When my business went under, there you were. When we lost the house, you were there. When I got shot, you stuck with me. When my health started failing, you were still by my side. "And you know what?"  "What, dear?" she asked gently, smiling to herself.  "I think you're bad luck." 
A school teacher injured his back and had to wear a plaster cast around the upper part of his body. It fit under his shirt and was not noticeable at all.  On the first day of the term, still with the cast under his shirt, he found himself assigned to the toughest students in school.  Walking confidently into the rowdy classroom, he opened the window as wide as possible and then busied himself with desk work.  When a strong breeze made his tie flap, he took the desk stapler and stapled the tie to his chest.  Discipline was not a problem from that day forth!
Me: One day, son, ALL this will be yours.  *points to friendzone*
Q: How do you get a family photo taken if you can't afford to buy one?  A: Sit the family in the front seat and run a red light.
The Bra was invented during the eighteen century by the wife of Lord Hailsham.  Do you why she decided to create the bra which is still being used by almost all ladies, young and old?  For two obvious reasons!!!
A man goes to a barbershop and asks, "How many ahead of me?" "Five." The man leaves.   He comes back the next day and asks, "How many ahead of me?" "Four." The man leaves.   He comes back the next day and asks, "How many ahead of me?" "Six."   The man leaves, and the barber says to another man, "Follow that man and see where he goes!"   The man comes back and says, "He goes to your house!"
Customer: I'd like some poison for mice please.  Chemist: Have you tried Boots?  Customer: I want to poison them, not kick them to death.
Boy : I lost my dog!  Girl : Well, why don't you put an advertisement in the paper?  Boy : What's the good of that my dog can't read?
Heard about the two blondes who were found starving and freezing to death at the drive inn?  They thought closed for winter was a movie.
One Sunday morning, the priest saw little Davey staring up at the large plaque that hung in the church's foyer. The plaque was covered with names and small American flags were mounted on either side of it.   "Father Donovan," the boy asked, "what is this?   "Well, son, it's a memorial to all the young men and women who died in the service," the priest explained. They stood together quietly, staring at the memorial plaque.   Little Davey softly asked, "Which service? The 9:00 or the 10:30?" 
When Santa came home, his wife, Jeeto, was crying. "Your mother insulted me," Jeeto sobbed. "My mother? How could she do that when she is on vacation on the other side of the country?" Santa asked. "I know. But this morning a letter addressed to you arrived. I opened it because I was curious." "And?" "At the end of the letter it said, 'Dear Jeeto, when you have finished reading this letter, don't forget to give it to my son.'"
Lazy Husband "I`m ashamed of the way we live," wife said to her lazy husband, our Santa, who refused to find a job. "My father pays our rent, my mother buys all of our food, my sister buys our clothes, my aunt bought us a car. I`m just so ashamed." Santa rolled over on the couch. "You should be ashamed," he agreed. "Those two worthless brothers of yours never give us a thing!"
Officer: Soldier, do you have change for a dollar?  Soldier: Sure, buddy.  Officer: That's no way to address an officer! Now let's try it again.  Do you have change for a dollar?  Soldier: No, SIR!
4 baseball fans want to show their teams that they're each the biggest fans in the world, so they decide to climb the biggest mountain they can find.  The first one to the top is a Braves fan, and he says, "I'm the biggest fan in the world! This is for you Braves!" and he jumps off.  The second one to the top is a Mets fan and he says, "I love you more than anything Mets, this is for you!" and he jumps off.  The last 2 people who get to the top get there at the same time. One is a Red Sox fan and one is a Yankee fan. When they're both standing at the top together, the Red Sox fan says, "This one is for all baseball fans everywhere!"   And the Red Sox fan pushes the Yankee fan off.
a man hated lawyers with a passion and every time he would pass one while driving he would run him over  once while he was driving he saw a priest walking on the side. being a nice guy he offered him a ride. as he was driving he suddenly saw a lawyer so out of habit he turned to try to hit him. then remembering who was sitting in the back he right away swerved back on to the street. just then he heard a crash he turned around. the priest told him I see you missed him in the front so I got him with the back door!!!!
We have a perfect marriage, I always have the last word...  It's always, "Yes Dear."
John visited his brother's office and went to the toilet for a long call. Crazy thing is that the door was so far from the toilet seat. When someone knocked, John had to literally move towards the door pants down. All did not work out well when he miscalculated his way back and threw one missile on the floor.
The other day i was in the pub when the waitress approaches me to take my order, I noticed she had two black eyes  she asks 'what would you like to order?'  I replied with what i wanted to eat, making sure to speak very clearly and loudly because it was obvious she wasn't a great listener!
A visitor comes into a Maryborough pub with a tame crocodile at his heels and ordered a drink. The locals looked at the crocodile and it suddenly went up to someone's hat, which was sitting on a chair, and chewed it to shreds. The hat's owner shouted at the visitor, "Hey look at what your crocodile has done to my hat." The visitor replied, "That's too bad!"  The hat owner got angry and said, "I don't like your attitude!" The visitor replied, "It's not my (h)at (h)e chewed - it's your hat he chewed!"
2 Irish Divers investigating the Sunken Titanic................. Were really surprised to see the swimming pool was still full ;-)
How Many folk singers does it take to change a light bulb?  Answer 10  1 to change it and 9 to sing about how good the old one was ;-)
A guy goes to the Doctor and says I've got a cricket ball stuck up my bum ! The Doctor says "How's That" The guy says don't you start !
A horse goes into a bar and the barman says how can I help, the horse says a bottle of beer please and the barman says "why the long face" ? ;-)
A man walks into a bar with a Newt on his shoulder.  Barman: What's that ? Man: It's a Newt.  Barman: What do you call him ?  Man: Tiny.  Barman: Why Man: Because he's my newt.  
If Burger King married Dairy Queen where would they live?   At White Castle   
“The prosecutor says she can produce five witnesses who saw you running from the bank with the money bags,” a defense lawyer confided to a suspect.  “That’s nothing, said the suspect.  “I can produce five hundred witnesses who didn’t see me running from the bank.”
A man boarded a train and said to the conductor, “I’m a heavy sleeper. Please be sure to wake me at 2:00 a.m. so that I can get off in Atlanta.  Whatever I say, get me up.  I have an extremely important business there!”  The next morning the man woke up in Richmond.  He found the conductor and shouted, “Do you know how angry I am?”  “Probably about as angry as the man I had get off in Atlanta,” replied the conductor 
What did the math teacher say to Dracula after he failed the math test?  "Can't you Count Dracula?"
I'm trying to plan a party for my girlfriend, but I can't seem to find any party hats, or a girlfriend.
Women always call me ugly until they find out how much money I make.  Then they call me ugly and poor.
Why do elephants have 4 feet? Because they'd look silly with 6 inches.
In a small town the veterinarian, who was also the chief of police, was awakened by the telephone.  “Please hurry!” said the woman’s voice on the other end of the line.  “Do you need the police or a vet?” he asked.  “Both,” the woman replied.  “I’m not able to get my dog’s mouth open, and there’s a burglar’s leg in it.” 
A secret agent was directed to a posh condominium complex to contact an anonymous source.  “Williams is the name,” he was told by his superior.  “Hand him this envelope.”  Arriving at the complex, he was confused to find four different Williams occupying adjacent quarters.  He decided to try the second condo.  When a gentleman answered his knock, the agent spoke the pass code: “The grape arbor is down.” Looking him over the man shook his head. “I’m Williams the accountant.  You might try Williams the spy.  Two doors down.” 
Do you think there is intelligent life on Mars? Ask John.   I sure do, replied Bob; you don’t see them spending billions of dollars to come here, do you? 
An Alien, upon landing on earth, approached a bird on a branch.  “Can you please direct me to a hotel?   The bird replied, “Cheep, cheep.” “Well, it’d better be,” answered the alien. “It cost me a fortune to get here!”  
One afternoon, a woman was gardening when an old, tired-looking dog wandered into the yard.  She could tell from his collar and well-fed stomach that he had an owner.  But when she walked into the house, he followed her, sauntered down the hall, and fell asleep in a corner.  Almost an hour later, he went to the door, and she let him out. The next day he was back.  He resumed his position in the hallway and slept for an hour.  This continued for a few days.  Curious, the woman pinned a note on his collar: “Every afternoon your dog has been coming to my house and taking a nap.” The next day he arrived with a different note pinned to his collar: “Cloud lives in a home with five children…he’s just trying to catch up on his sleep.” 
“I think the Johnson’s are suffering from age related stress,” a woman said of her neighbors.  “What do mean?” asked her husband.  “He won’t act his age, and she won’t admit hers.”
After a week of agonizing physical training, police academy cadets still hadn’t been admitted to the firing range.  “I don’t get it,” huffed one trainee to another as they pounded out yet another five-mile jog.  “What do you mean?” “We still don’t know how to protect people and property, but we’re getting real good at running away.”
You know your doctor is too old when you look at the framed diploma on his wall and realize his Hippocratic oath was signed by Hippocrates!
At the movie theater, a young man returning to his seat taps the arm of a woman in the last seat in the row.  “Excuse me,” he says, “but did I step on your toe on the way out?”  “As a matter of fact, you did,” says the woman, expecting an apology. “Oh good,” says the man, “then this is my row.”   
A couple arrived at the boarding gate just in time to see their plane taking off.  The husband was angry to have missed the plane.  “If you weren’t so slow in getting ready,” he complained to his wife, “we wouldn’t have missed the plane.”  “And if you wouldn’t have rushed me, we wouldn’t have so long to wait until the next flight,” she replied.
A man was on the very top diving board of a swimming pool.  He poised, lifted his arms, and was about to dive when the attendant came running up, shouting, “Don’t dive. There’s no water in that pool.”  “That’s all right,” said the man.  “I can’t swim.” 
Two truck drivers came to a low bridge.  The clearance sign said 10 feet 8 inches.  When they got out and measured their truck, they discovered their vehicle was eleven feet.  The first man looked at the other and said, “I can’t see any cops around.  Let’s go for it!”
The company’s management team put their heads together to decide how to reduce the high employee turnover rate.    “They spend their first six or eight weeks learning our system, then they join another company,” complained one executive.   “Yes, but doesn’t that at least speak highly of our training program?” chirped an optimistic colleague.
An aspiring actor calls his agent from the set of his first film.  He is playing the lead role for the first time in his career.  “How’s it going?” the agent asks.  “It’s amazing!” the actor gushes.  “The director told me that my performance is making him consider two films with me.”  “Two?” he agent replies.  “Yeah,” the actor says, “my first and my last.”
Toward the end of a particularly trying round of golf, Jack was the picture of frustration.  He’d hit too many fat shots.  Finally he blurted out to his caddie, “I’d move heaven and earth to break a hundred on this course.”  “Try heaven,” replied the caddie.  “You’ve already moved most of the earth.”
A football fan is a guy who’ll yell at the quarterback for not spotting an open receiver forty-five yards down the field, and then head for the parking lot and not be able to find his own car.
Two truck drivers came to a low bridge.  The clearance sign said 10 feet 8 inches.  When they got out and measured their truck, they discovered their vehicle was eleven feet.  The first man looked at the other and said, “I can’t see any cops around.  Let’s go for it!”
“But why can’t I talk inside the library?”  Sandy asked her mother.  “Because you have to be quiet. Noise is a distraction.  The people around you can’t read.” “Can’t read? Then why are they at the library?”  
A little boy took the chair at the barbershop.  “How would you like your hair cut today, son?” asked the barber.  “Oh, do it like you do Daddy’s, with the big hole at the back.”
Larry took Barb, his girlfriend, to her first football game.  Afterwards, he asked her how she liked the game.  “I liked it, but I couldn’t understand why they were killing each other for twenty-five cents,” she asked.   “What do you mean?” “Well, everyone kept yelling, ‘Get the quarter back!’”  
“What special skills do you have?” a company official asked a job applicant.  “Well, none, actually,” admitted the applicant.  We have several unskilled positions, but they’re all filled right now by the president’s relatives.”
An ironworker nonchalantly walked the narrow beam fifteen floors above the city sidewalk.  Though strong winds were blowing a heavy rain, the worker showed no fear whatever.  When he came down to the sidewalk, a man who had been watching him from ground level went over to him and said, “I was really impressed watching you up there. You were so calm.  How did you get a job like this?”  “Well, as a matter of fact,” replied the ironworker, “I used to drive a school bus, until my nerves gave out.” 
What do you mean I’m not qualified?” demanded a job applicant.  “I have an IQ of 150. I scored 1,480 on the SAT. I was magna cum laude in graduate school.”  “Yes,” replied the hiring supervisor, “but we don’t really require intelligence around here.”
To get away from their high-stress jobs, a couple enjoyed spending weekends relaxing in their motor home.  When they found their peace and quiet disturbed by well-meaning, but unwelcome, visits from other campers, their came up with a plan to assure themselves some privacy.  When they set up camp, they placed this sign on the door of their RV:  “Insurance Agent.  Ask about our term life package”
The pro-football team had just finished its daily practice when a large turkey strutted onto the field.  While the players gazed in amazement, the turkey walked up to the head coach and requested a tryout.  Everyone stared in silence as the turkey caught pass after pass and ran through the defensive line.   When the turkey returned to the sidelines, the coach shouted, “Your are terrific!  Sign up for the season, and I’ll see to it that you get a huge signing bonus.”  “Forget the bonus,” the turkey said.  “All I want to know is, does the season go past Thanksgiving Day?”
A kindergarten teacher was showing her class an encyclopedia page illustrating several national flags.  She pointed to the American flag and asked, “What flag is this?”  Little Sue called out, “That’s the flag of our country.”  “Very good,” the teacher said.  “And what’s the name of our country?”  Little Sue answered, “Tis of thee.”
On the first day of school, Peter handed his new teacher a note from his mother.  The teacher unsealed the note, read it, looked at Peter with a frown, and placed the note inside a desk drawer.  “So what did she write?” Peter asked.  “It’s a disclaimer.” “A what?” “It says, ‘ The opinions expressed by Peter are not necessarily those of his mother or father,’” 
A doctor in a teaching hospital was discussing an X-ray with his students. “This patient has been walking with a pronounced limp for some time,” he said.  “The X-ray shows us his fibula and tibia are radically arched.”  He pointed to a student. “You…what would you do in this case?”  “Well, gee!” said student.  I guess I’d limp, too.” 
A doctor in a teaching hospital was discussing an X-ray with his students. “This patient has been walking with a pronounced limp for some time,” he said.  “The X-ray shows us his fibula and tibia are radically arched.”  He pointed to a student. “You…what would you do in this case?”  “Well, gee!” said student.  I guess I’d limp, too.” 
A little boy took the chair at the barbershop.  “How would you like your hair cut today, son?” asked the barber.  “Oh, do it like you do Daddy’s, with the big hole at the back.”
On the first day of school, Peter handed his new teacher a note from his mother.  The teacher unsealed the note, read it, looked at Peter with a frown, and placed the note inside a desk drawer.  “So what did she write?” Peter asked.  “It’s a disclaimer.” “A what?” “It says, ‘ The opinions expressed by Peter are not necessarily those of his mother or father,’” 
Larry took Barb, his girlfriend, to her first football game.  Afterwards, he asked her how she liked the game.  “I liked it, but I couldn’t understand why they were killing each other for twenty-five cents,” she asked.   “What do you mean?” “Well, everyone kept yelling, ‘Get the quarter back!’”  
The pro-football team had just finished its daily practice when a large turkey strutted onto the field.  While the players gazed in amazement, the turkey walked up to the head coach and requested a tryout.  Everyone stared in silence as the turkey caught pass after pass and ran through the defensive line.   When the turkey returned to the sidelines, the coach shouted, “Your are terrific!  Sign up for the season, and I’ll see to it that you get a huge signing bonus.”  “Forget the bonus,” the turkey said.  “All I want to know is, does the season go past Thanksgiving Day?”
It was only her second date with a diehard baseball fan, and Sally was a little nervous.  It was her fault they arrived at the ballpark a full hour after the game had started.  Taking her seat, Sally glanced up at the scoreboard.  It was a tight pitcher’s battle, bottom of the fifth, 0-0.  “Look, John,” she exclaimed with relief, “we haven’t missed a thing.”
Joe’s dad scolded him for breaking a neighbor’s window with a baseball.  “What did he say to you when you broke his window?” asked the father.  “Do you want to hear what he said with or without the bad words?”   “Without, of course.” “Well, then, he said nothing.”  
A tired traveler decided to find a hotel for the night.  He stumbled to the front desk and said to the clerk, “Pardon me, I’m exhausted, I’ve been driving for fourteen hours, I’m hungry, and I have a headache.  Can you just tell me what room I’m in?” “Certainly, sir,” the helpful clerk replied.  “You are in the lobby.” 
A woman stopped at a historic old hotel and asked the desk clerk for the room rates.  “A room on the first floor is none hundred and fifty dollars; on the second floor, one hundred and forty dollars, and on the third floor, one hundred and thirty dollars.” The woman turned to leave.  “Don’t you like the accommodations?” asked the clerk. “Oh, yes, it’s great,” replied the woman. “It just isn’t tall enough.” 
A psychiatrist received a postcard from one of his clients, who was vacationing in Spain.   “I’m having a great time! Wish you were here to tell me why.”
A man went to his doctor and told him that he had not been feeling well lately.  The doctor examined the man, left the room, and came back with three different bottles of pills.  “Here take the green pill with a big glass of water when you wake up,” he said.  “Take the blue pill with a big glass of water after you eat lunch.  Then just before going to bed take the red pill with another big glass of water.” Worried to be put on so much medicine the man said.  “Oh, Doc!  Now exactly what is my problem?” The doctor replied, “You are not drinking enough water.” 
I’m worried about your heart murmur,” the doc told Jack.  “I’ve always had a heart murmur,” Jack protested.  “Yeah,” replied the doc, “but now the murmur has started humming.”  “That doesn’t sound good!” Jack was getting worried now.  “It’s worse than you think,” the doc said.  “It’s humming ‘Nearer My God to Thee.’” 
Only in America: We work hard on a farm so we can move into town, where we can make more money… so we can move back to the farm.
A distraught investor called his financial advisor.  “Is my money really all gone?” He wailed.  “No, no,” the advisor answered calmly. “It’s just with somebody else!” 
A nervous passenger decided to purchase flight insurance at the ticket counter.  She had some time before the flights departure, so she stopped in a Chinese restaurant in the concourse.  She started to shake as she read her fortune cookie:  “today’s investment will pay big dividends!”
The flight attendant was pointing out to passengers that their seats could be removed and used as floatation devices.  One woman, on her first flight, said,  “I’d prefer to be sitting on a parachute!’
A man seating on a window seat discovered two engines on fire.  He began to holler, two engines on fire! Two engines on fire!   The passengers began to panic.  Suddenly the pilot ran from the cockpit with a parachute on his back.  “Don’t worry”! He yelled.  I’m going for help!
A man went to his doctor and told him that he had not been feeling well lately.  The doctor examined the man, left the room, and came back with three different bottles of pills.  “Here take the green pill with a big glass of water when you wake up,” he said.  “Take the blue pill with a big glass of water after you eat lunch.  Then just before going to bed take the red pill with another big glass of water.” Worried to be put on so much medicine the man said.  “Oh, Doc!  Now exactly what is my problem?” The doctor replied, “You are not drinking enough water.” 
I’m worried about your heart murmur,” the doc told Jack.  “I’ve always had a heart murmur,” Jack protested.  “Yeah,” replied the doc, “but now the murmur has started humming.”  “That doesn’t sound good!” Jack was getting worried now.  “It’s worse than you think,” the doc said.  “It’s humming ‘Nearer My God to Thee.’” 
It was only her second date with a diehard baseball fan, and Sally was a little nervous.  It was her fault they arrived at the ballpark a full hour after the game had started.  Taking her seat, Sally glanced up at the scoreboard.  It was a tight pitcher’s battle, bottom of the fifth, 0-0.  “Look, John,” she exclaimed with relief, “we haven’t missed a thing.”
Joe’s dad scolded him for breaking a neighbor’s window with a baseball.  “What did he say to you when you broke his window?” asked the father.  “Do you want to hear what he said with or without the bad words?”   “Without, of course.” “Well, then, he said nothing.”  
A passenger was having difficulty lugging his oversized travel bag onto the plain.  Helped by a flight attendant, he finally managed to stuff it in the overhead bin. “Do you always carry such heavy luggage? She asked, winded.  “Never again!” the man said.  “Next time, I’m riding in the bag, and my friend can buy the ticket!" 
“Look, Charlie,” the coach said, “you know the principles of good sportsmanship.  You know the Little League doesn’t allow temper tantrums, shouting at the umpire, or abusive language.” “Yes sir, I understand.”  “Good, Charlie.  Now, would you explain that to your father?” 
 A famous doctor was being interviewed the news media.  Looking to spice things up a little, one reporter asked if the doctor had ever made any serious mistakes. “Well, yes,” the doctor sighed.  “I once cured a multimillionaire.”   “How was that a mistake? The reporter asked. The doctor shook his head wearily.  “I did it in one visit!” 
A tired traveler decided to find a hotel for the night.  He stumbled to the front desk and said to the clerk, “Pardon me, I’m exhausted, I’ve been driving for fourteen hours, I’m hungry, and I have a headache.  Can you just tell me what room I’m in?” “Certainly, sir,” the helpful clerk replied.  “You are in the lobby.” 
A woman stopped at a historic old hotel and asked the desk clerk for the room rates.  “A room on the first floor is none hundred and fifty dollars; on the second floor, one hundred and forty dollars, and on the third floor, one hundred and thirty dollars.” The woman turned to leave.  “Don’t you like the accommodations?” asked the clerk. “Oh, yes, it’s great,” replied the woman. “It just isn’t tall enough.” 
Only in America: We work hard on a farm so we can move into town, where we can make more money… so we can move back to the farm.
A distraught investor called his financial advisor.  “Is my money really all gone?” He wailed.  “No, no,” the advisor answered calmly. “It’s just with somebody else!” 
A Policeman came to my door yesterday and asked, “Where were you between four and six?”  So I said, "Probably in kindergarten or first grade.”
A passenger was having difficulty lugging his oversized travel bag onto the plain.  Helped by a flight attendant, he finally managed to stuff it in the overhead bin. “Do you always carry such heavy luggage? She asked, winded.  “Never again!” the man said.  “Next time, I’m riding in the bag, and my friend can buy the ticket!" 
The CEO of a major corporation asked his press officer to write a twenty-minute speech for the shareholders meeting.  Upon his return from the meeting he is furious at the press officer.  “Are you trying to kill my career?” the executive barks. "I asked for a twenty-minute speech and you give me an hour-long speech! People were standing up and walking out.”   “No,” says the press officer, “I gave you exactly what you requested… a twenty-minute speech and two extra copies.”
 A famous doctor was being interviewed the news media.  Looking to spice things up a little, one reporter asked if the doctor had ever made any serious mistakes. “Well, yes,” the doctor sighed.  “I once cured a multimillionaire.”   “How was that a mistake? The reporter asked. The doctor shook his head wearily.  “I did it in one visit!” 
“Look, Charlie,” the coach said, “you know the principles of good sportsmanship.  You know the Little League doesn’t allow temper tantrums, shouting at the umpire, or abusive language.” “Yes sir, I understand.”  “Good, Charlie.  Now, would you explain that to your father?” 
A man in a bar visited the men's room, leaving his drink on the bar. On his return he found that someone had drunk it. The next time he left a notice beside his drink. “I spat in this”. On his return he found written underneath. So did I. 
A man in a bar visited the men's room, leaving his drink on the bar. On his return he found that someone had drunk it. The next time he left a notice beside his drink. “I spat in this”. On his return he found written underneath. So did I. 
A man visited the doctor. " Doctor, I have terrible flatulence, I have it all the time. "Please undress so I can examine you, " said the doctor picking up a long pole with a brass hook on the end. "My goodness doctor what are you going to do with that!" yelled the man. The doctor smiled and said:  I’m just going to open the window up there. 
A man visited the doctor. " Doctor, I have terrible flatulence, I have it all the time. "Please undress so I can examine you, " said the doctor picking up a long pole with a brass hook on the end. "My goodness doctor what are you going to do with that!" yelled the man. The doctor smiled and said:  I’m just going to open the window up there. 
Past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was quite tense.
Q: What is a skeleton's favorite instrument?  A: The tromBONE
I really like selling on E-Bay.  Last month I sold my Homing Pigeons eight times!
Dogs may not be able to use the Internet but they do have pee-mail. When they go outside they always want to check their messages and leave a status update.
Conversations with Inanimate Objects:  "You never did love me! You only want me for my money!" - Your ATM Card   "I can see right through you!" - X-ray machine  Conversation in the kitchen:  Refrigerator: (to microwave) "You're hot!"  Microwave: "I know. And you're not!" Vacuum cleaner: "Geez, that's cold! Brr.." Refrigerator: (to vacuum cleaner) "Shut up, you suck! Go and eat my dust!"  
Today, in the UK, the average man has 1.7 children.  I was told this fact by my 0.3 brother.
Am I a polar bear? One afternoon in the Arctic, a father polar bear and his son polar bear were sitting in the snow. The son polar bear turned to his father and asked, "Dad, am I 100% polar bear?" The father polar bear replied, "Of course, son, you're 100% polar bear." Why do you ask?  I’m Freezing!! replied the his son       
Mother mouse and a baby mouse were walking along, when all of a sudden, a cat attacked them. The mother mouse goes, "BARK!" and the cat runs away. "See?" says the mother mouse to her baby. "Now do you see why it's important to learn a foreign language". 
Haven’t verified this on Snopes but it sounds legit. A recent study found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.    
A man was checking his itemised lawyers bill. One item read:- Spotted you across the street. Crossed over to discuss a legal point in your case. When I got there it was not you after all.     20 dollars
John: Hey! Want to go watch a movie in 3D?! Tim: Sorry! I can't watch movies in 3D! It MHz.
A man was checking his itemized lawyers bill. One item read:- Spotted you across the street. Crossed over to discuss a legal point in your case. When I got there it was not you after all.     20 dollars
One math book says to the other, "you think you got problems, you're just algebra, I'm advanced calculus."
Did you hear about all the magicians in the country starting their own union? Just say 'work' and they disappear!
What creature has more lives than a cat? A Frog.  They croak every night.
Q: Do you know why dogs don't dance? A: They have two left feet! 
In a saloon in the old West, a large crowd of cowboys was drinking and carousing with the dance hall girls.  In walked a greenhorn Easterner, a dry goods supplier from New York.  He sat down at the bar and ordered a beer.  Just then a boy ran in from outside through the swinging doors, completely out of breath.  The crowd stopped what they were doing and stared at him.  “Big John’s in town,” the boy said, gasping.  In less than a minute, the entire crowd, except for the greenhorn, tumbling over one another, rushed out, including the bartender and everyone else who worked at the saloon, leaving the place completely empty and in disarray.  The greenhorn realized that he should probably go, too.  So he quickly downed the remainder of his beer, grabbed ahold of his sample case and started for the door.  Unfortunately, before he could reach it, another cowboy walked in, blocking his way.  The man was huge, almost seven feet tall and muscular, with a face that was menacing, rugged and scarred.  Hanging from his belt were two large six-shooters that had obviously seen plenty of action.  The Easterner, frozen in fear, stood glued to the spot, unable to speak.  The huge man, towering over him, then glared at the greenhorn and said in a, deep, gravelly voice, “You drink with me.”  The greenhorn saw this as an order, not an invitation.  So he walked over with the man, his heart pounding, fearing for his life, then sat down at the bar next to the cowboy, who then proceeded to pour each of them a whiskey.  The massive cowpoke quickly downed his drink, wiped his face with his sleeve then stood up and started walking towards the door.  “Can’t stay,” he said, “ Big John’s in town.” 
Knock-knock Who's there? Who, Who  I didn't know you have an owl 
" Dad who built the Suez Canal" " I don't know son" " Dad who discovered penicillin " " I've no idea son" " Dad what's the capital of Italy " " I ain't got a clue son" "Dad you don't mind me asking all these questions do you" "No son,  if you don't ask you won't learn anything "
" Doctor I keep stealing things" " Take these tablets; if that doesn't work get me a flat screen TV." 
Did you hear about the baby that was born in a high tech. hospital? It came out cordless!
" Dad who built the Suez Canal" " I don't know son" " Dad who discovered penicillin " " I've no idea son" " Dad what's the capital of Italy " " I ain't got a clue son" "Dad you don't mind me asking all these questions do you" "No son,  if you don't ask you won't learn anything "
I took an IQ test yesterday. It came back negative...
" Doctor I keep stealing things" " Take these tablets; if that doesn't work get me a flat screen TV." 
Q: Why did the T-rex go to the doctor? A: Because he had a Dino-sore!
Irish Saw mill Accident.... Paddy and Mick are two Irishmen working at the local saw mill.  One day, Mick slips and his arm gets caught and severed by the big bench saw. Paddy quickly puts the limb in a plastic bag and rushes it and Mick to the local hospital. Next day, Paddy goes to the hospital and asks after Mick.  The nurse says,  "Oh he's out in Rehab exercising". Paddy couldn't believe it, but there's Mick out the back exercising his now re-attached arm.  The very next day he's back at work in the sawmill. A couple of days go by, and then Mick slips and severs his leg on another bloody big saw. So Paddy puts the limb in a plastic bag and rushes it and Mick off to the Hospital. Next day he calls in to see him and asks the nurse how he is. The nurse replies, "He's out in the Rehab again exercising". And sure enough, there's Mick out there doing some serious work on the treadmill. And very soon Mick comes back to work.  But, as usual, within a couple of days he has another accident and severs his head. Wearily, Paddy puts the head in a plastic bag and transports it and Mick to the hospital. Next day he goes in and asks the nurse how Mick is. The nurse breaks down and cries and says, "He's dead." Paddy is shocked, but not surprised. "I suppose the saw finally did him in." "No", says the nurse, "Some idiot put his head in a plastic bag and he suffocated".    
Q: What do you call a cow without legs?  A: Ground beef
 Twelve places you won't find a Facebook logo on the window:  1) The city morgue 2) A gynecologist  3) A proctologist 4) A urologist 5) A tow truck company 6) The coliseum in 50 A.D. 7) A self esteem weekly group meeting. 8) A collection agency 9) A marriage counselor  10) A funeral home 11) Alcoholics Anonymous 12) The IRS  
Two bumpkin chicks in the hen house are discussing about the bad feed they eat. This shorter one is just listening, not answering to the talkative one. All of a sudden he stops and says: I have decided to go to College on a night course. Why is that, why such an urgent matter? My relatives, all of my folks, and my friends are been humiliated, they are all fed up with this lousy feed, but worse of all, to be called bumpkin and hick all the time, you silly. I will become an attorney and won’t be humiliated anymore. 
A magician was facing an unruly crowd as his tricks failed to impress them. To cheer them up, the magician said: 'could any one please give me an egg. For I shall show you a marvelous trick'  One at the last row shouted:  'If we had an egg with us, it would have reached you long before' 
 An Idiot was once asked," Where is the center of the earth?" to which he instantly replied," Right here!"  But why he was asked.  The idiot replied, "You don't believe it? Then disprove it!" 
Q: Why did the T-rex go to the doctor? A: Because he had a Dino-sore!
Irish Saw mill Accident.... Paddy and Mick are two Irishmen working at the local saw mill.  One day, Mick slips and his arm gets caught and severed by the big bench saw. Paddy quickly puts the limb in a plastic bag and rushes it and Mick to the local hospital. Next day, Paddy goes to the hospital and asks after Mick.  The nurse says,  "Oh he's out in Rehab exercising". Paddy couldn't believe it, but there's Mick out the back exercising his now re-attached arm.  The very next day he's back at work in the sawmill. A couple of days go by, and then Mick slips and severs his leg on another bloody big saw. So Paddy puts the limb in a plastic bag and rushes it and Mick off to the Hospital. Next day he calls in to see him and asks the nurse how he is. The nurse replies, "He's out in the Rehab again exercising". And sure enough, there's Mick out there doing some serious work on the treadmill. And very soon Mick comes back to work.  But, as usual, within a couple of days he has another accident and severs his head. Wearily, Paddy puts the head in a plastic bag and transports it and Mick to the hospital. Next day he goes in and asks the nurse how Mick is. The nurse breaks down and cries and says, "He's dead." Paddy is shocked, but not surprised. "I suppose the saw finally did him in." "No", says the nurse, "Some idiot put his head in a plastic bag and he suffocated".    
Q. If a peacock lays 123 eggs a day how many eggs will there be in 456 days?   A. Peacocks don't lay eggs peahens do
 How do you stop an elephant from going through the eye of a needle? "Tie a knot in his tail". 
 Q: Why does a Giraffe have long legs?    A: So that it can reach the ground. 
 Q: Why does a Giraffe have long legs?    A: So that it can reach the ground. 
A cannibal visited the witch doctor with a serious skin rash. The doctor gave him a small pot of grease to rub on. He returned next week completely cured. " Wonderful stuff what is it" he said "My best friend died .  I boiled him in a pot for six days then skimmed the grease off" he replied. " What do you call it?" Said the cannibal. " Pal o' mine lotion" replied the witch doctor. 
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the bathroom?  Answer: Because the "P" is silent
A fellow was telling his buddies that in the evenings, he goes out and drinks and carries on with women,but always goes back home by 8:00 O'clock. He describes it as "sin till 8 ting"
A cannibal visited the witch doctor with a serious skin rash. The doctor gave him a small pot of grease to rub on. He returned next week completely cured. " Wonderful stuff what is it" he said "My best friend died .  I boiled him in a pot for six days then skimmed the grease off" he replied. " What do you call it?" Said the cannibal. " Pal o' mine lotion" replied the witch doctor. 
A fellow was telling his buddies that in the evenings, he goes out and drinks and carries on with women,but always goes back home by 8:00 O'clock. He describes it as "sin till 8 ting"
Timothy :Why are you catching so many fleas?  Mike :Didn't you see the Notice Board?        There's going to be a Flea Market at       our Apartment Lobby tomorrow morning. 
Mike, Jack, and Gary go for a hike in the woods. They are out about an hour enjoying the sights when they come around a sharp bend in the trail and spot a bear just in front of them feeding off some vegetation next to the trail.  The bear lets out a menacing growl when it notices the hikers. Mike says "jump up and down, make some noise to scare it away".  Jack says “that won't work, we need to play dead".  They both ask Gary “what do we do?"  There is no reply.  Turning around they see Gary far down the trail behind them.
What do you call a group of musical pigs?  An oinkestra!
There was a hysterical call at the fire department, and it went like this: Help me, please help me; there is a cat meowing and yowling with frequency and urgency. It is going to hurt me, it's going to kill me; can you please help me, and send the fire squad right away? Take it easy, cats don’t hurt us, just relax wait until he leaves. You don’t understand it is going to bite me, it is going to kill me; it is going to be fatal! Cats aren’t like snakes or spiders that are poisonous, by the way who is calling? I’m Josephine’s parrot you jerk! Help me please, please help! 
A corny talk on the farm... Do you know what the lettuce asked the radish? Let us be best friends? And what did the radish answer?  You naughty thing, you make me blush! you make me reddish! 
A man makes a phone call to an export office in a port of France, and asks whether they can ship a 20’ container with live geese properly stored in their appropriate places.  Oui monsieur; what is the destination port for this load? I’m sending them to the zoo in Brazil. Wouldn’t you be better off calling the export office in Portugal? Why is that sir? If you’re sending them to Brazil to avoid bureaucracy, then you should contact the Portuguese; of course! 
Did you hear about the elephant who was always left out of things and thus felt irrelephant?
Did you hear about the golfer trying to buy a new golf club? He looked at club after club after club. His friend asked him "Why are you taking so long?" He replied "I am looking for a hole in one!"
I used to drink all brands of beer. Now, I am older Budweiser!
Did you hear about the farmer who wanted to buy a thousand hens, but didn't have the money...so...He put them on a layaway plan!
A doctor worked on the tenth floor of an office building. In the building was a pub, where the doctor had a lemon daiquiri, every day at quitting time. The bartender's name was Dick. One dyadic found out he didn't have any lemons and no time to get any. So he thought he would make up a hickory daiquiri instead and at the end of the day, the doctor would be too tired to notice. The doctor sat down, took a sip and said "This isn't a lemon daiquiri, Dick!"...To which Dick replied, "No, it’s a hickory daiquiri, Doc!" 
Q: Why did the computer lose its trust relationship with the domain? A: Because it was corrupted in active directory and needed to be removed and re-added again!!!!
An Israeli author was searching for a book store that would allow him to schedule a booksigning to promote his new novel. Book store after book store refused him with one disapproving commment after the other. Finally, the author seized on the idea that he should contact the specialty stores for his proposed booksigning. He had the idea to contact a feminist book store and his call was screened by the store's assistant manager. Upon insistence, by the author, that he speak directly with the manager; an angry manager took the phone to explain why the author was being refused a booksigning. "IT'S BECAUSE THE HEBREW WORD FOR: SHE!....IS: HE!" And with those words the author heard a telephone being slammed down loudly, in his ear.
Q: Did you hear about the fire in the bakery? A: It burned 20 cakes and 30 loaves of bread, and there were plenty of hot cross buns!
An Israeli author was searching for a book store that would allow him to schedule a booksigning to promote his new novel. Book store after book store refused him with one disapproving commment after the other. Finally, the author seized on the idea that he should contact the specialty stores for his proposed booksigning. He had the idea to contact a feminist book store and his call was screened by the store's assistant manager. Upon insistence, by the author, that he speak directly with the manager; an angry manager took the phone to explain why the author was being refused a booksigning. "IT'S BECAUSE THE HEBREW WORD FOR: SHE!....IS: HE!" And with those words the author heard a telephone being slammed down loudly, in his ear.
Q: Did you hear about the fire in the bakery? A: It burned 20 cakes and 30 loaves of bread, and there were plenty of hot cross buns!
A skeleton walks down empty Main Street. Suddenly he sees another skeleton carrying a gravestone. "Hey, what are you doing?” the other skeleton answers "Just strolling", "Why do have the gravestone, buddy?", "Because I always want to have some ID”.
Why did the belt get locked up? He held up a pair of pants!
Watson came excitedly to Sherlock Holmes place and told him his dog had swallowed his ring. Sherlock told Watson "Don't worry. He will pass it eventually". Watson replies "Thank you very much, Sherlock". Sherlock says to Watson."It's alimentary, my dear Watson"
A beautiful woman in her thirties was passing through customs in London, when the customs official asks her what the reason for her trip to London was. Business or pleasure, he asks?  Sadness and pleasure! She says to the officer!  Why? Well, my 75 years old husband has just died and I came to his funeral!  My condolences, says the officer!  It must be a very difficult and painful time you're going through!  Not really, this is my pleasure! I'm so sad because only now I found out that he was dead broke and did not leave a dime, a penny, not even a Will for me! 
How can this be? Scientists say the world began with a Big Bang 13 billion years ago. All mankind got hit on the back of the head, and now astronomers see stars Millions of Light years away.
A skeleton walks down empty Main Street. Suddenly he sees another skeleton carrying a gravestone. "Hey, what are you doing?” the other skeleton answers "Just strolling", "Why do have the gravestone, buddy?", "Because I always want to have some ID”.
					 Q: What did the windmill say when she met her favorite movie star? A: "Nice to meet you.  I'm a BIG FAN!"					 					 
A guy wants to become a magician so he goes out and buys a magician book.  Later he gathers his family around the living room for his first trick.  Reading his new book he reaches into a bag and pulls out a hammer and to the amazement of his family hits himself in the head with it.  He's unconscious and spends a month in the hospital.  Suddenly a nurse notices his eye lids flicker.  She calls the family in and they gather around his bed.  Just then he sits up in bed awake and says..."TA-DAA" 
Some years ago a local jewelry store donated a set of four time zone clocks to my hometown Police Department in Maywood, NJ. The first week all four clocks ran fine.  On Monday the weekly test of the building generator was conducted..  The eastern, central and western clocks ran perfectly. While the mountain zone clock ran backwards. The problem continued.  Needless to say, "the time" was always in question. 
2:00 a.m. and the street was deserted, so as the man pulls up to the red light he looks around all ways and seeing no one he rolls on through it. He is pulled over and he says to the cop really officer? No one is around I slowed down and looked, nobody was coming so I just went. No harm done. The officer said I can show you the difference very easily, step out of the car please, and maybe you won’t get a ticket. Willingly he stepped out and the officer proceeds to beat him with his night stick, and says “Now sir would you like me to slow down.. or stop.
A man walks into a bar, and tells the bartender to pour him a 12 year old single malt scotch "before the trouble starts."  The bartender pours his drink and quietly moves away. After finishing his drink, the man calls the bartender back and tells him "pour me a 15 year old scotch before the trouble starts." The bartender thinks this is very strange but pours him the 15 year old scotch.  After finishing that drink, the man tells the bartender to pour him an 18 year old scotch "before the trouble starts." The bartender is becoming a little worried, but pours him the 18 year old scotch.   Before the man finishes his 18 year old scotch, the bartender finally gets up the nerve to ask: "Say friend, when this trouble is going to start?"  To which the man replies: "The trouble starts, when you find out that I don't have any money." 
A man looks out the window into his back yard and sees his dog shaking and tossing something into the air.  He rushed out to find that it was the neighbors' rabbit, Mr. Bun Bun, and he was very dead.  Mr. Bun Bun was also filthy with dog drool and mud, but thankfully there was no blood: his back must have broken at the first shake. The man decided that he could not possibly explain to his neighbors how his dog had gotten into their yard and broke into the rabbit cage and killed Mr. Bun Bun while they were away. He bathed Mr. Bun Bun until completely clean and dry, placed him back in his cage, re-latched the door and hoped they would believe that their rabbit had passed away peacefully. Several days later, the man notices his neighbor mowing his lawn, so he walks over and asks how things were going. "Well" the neighbor says, "not so well.  We lost Mr. Bun Bun last week, and we are all still very upset about it all."  "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." "Yes, we found him one day when we got home, and he must have died in his sleep because he looked so peaceful." (Whew!) "Well, that does not sound too bad." "Oh no, and we were not surprised: I mean he was very old, and had really started to show his age the last few months." "I guess I am a bit confused then, as to why your family is still upset." "Well, we buried the little guy out by the back fence and thought we were all done with it, but you are not going to believe this:  Someone dug him up, cleaned him up and put his body back into his cage as some form of mean and nasty practical joke." 
Q: Why couldn't the pony sing?   A: Because he's a little hoarse.
In the Bible, the King Boaz married the lovely Moabite woman, Ruth, to help unite his Kingdom. What was he before he did this?  Answer: He was "Ruthless"
One of the courses I taught when I was a college professor was Freshman English. To my first class of students I described the basic parts of an essay: "Remember, the three parts of an essay are the Introduction, the Body, and the Confusion".
There was this old eccentric man who constantly chased children off his property, never said hello to anyone he met and because of his negative character, was described as "A man of means!”
In a beauty contest among birds, the finalists believe it or not were a chicken, an ostrich and a flamingo.  And soon after the show, the judges were unanimous in reaching the final choice. And guess who won? The chicken, of course! The judges admitted that both the ostrich, and flamingo legs were beautiful, but the chicken had prettier laid eggs.
Two coworkers were talking by the water fountain one guy said, "Today I got through the first step of getting divorced." The second guy replies, "Oh, did you go to Mr. Guggenheim? Everyone goes to him for divorces." The first man replies, "No, I just got married".
A guy was meeting a friend in a bar, and as he walked in he noticed two pretty girls looking at him. He heard one girl say to the other; “Nine.”  Feeling pleased with himself, he swaggered over to his buddy at the bar and told him that the girl in the corner had just rated him a nine out of ten.  “Sorry to spoil your evening,” said his friend, “but when I walked in they were speaking German”
What did the polar bear say when they saw tourists in sleeping bags?   “Mmmm, sandwiches!”
It was dinner time on a British Airways flight from London to New York.  As the flight attendant moved down the plane, she asked one of the passengers: “Would you like dinner?”  “What are my choices?” asked the passenger.  “Yes or No,” replied the attendant
An airplane encountered some turbulence, it started juddering and rocking noticeably from side to side.  The flight crew wheeled out the drinks cart to keep the passengers calm.   The attendant asked a business man “Would you like a drink? “Why not?” he replied unkindly “I’ll have whatever the pilot’s been having.
The sergeant-major growled at the young soldier, “I didn’t see you at camouflage training this morning.”  “Thank you very much, sir.”  
A guy was meeting a friend in a bar, and as he walked in he noticed two pretty girls looking at him. He heard one girl say to the other; “Nine.”  Feeling pleased with himself, he swaggered over to his buddy at the bar and told him that the girl in the corner had just rated him a nine out of ten.  “Sorry to spoil your evening,” said his friend, “but when I walked in they were speaking German”
What did the polar bear say when they saw tourists in sleeping bags?   “Mmmm, sandwiches!”
It was dinner time on a British Airways flight from London to New York.  As the flight attendant moved down the plane, she asked one of the passengers: “Would you like dinner?”  “What are my choices?” asked the passenger.  “Yes or No,” replied the attendant
An airplane encountered some turbulence, it started juddering and rocking noticeably from side to side.  The flight crew wheeled out the drinks cart to keep the passengers calm.   The attendant asked a business man “Would you like a drink? “Why not?” he replied unkindly “I’ll have whatever the pilot’s been having.
A guy called a budget airline to book a flight.  The operator asked: “How many people area traveling?  “How should I know?” said the man. “It’s your plane!”
A deer was trying to cross a busy road but the traffic was very heavy.  After waiting unsuccessfully for a few minutes, a bear walked past and said:  “Excuse me, there’s a zebra crossing a bit further along the road.”  The deer said, “Well, I hope he’s having better luck than I am!   
A guy was walking along the street when he saw a crowd of people running towards him.  He stopped one of the runners and asked:  “What’s happening?”  The runner replied breathlessly: “A lion has escaped from the zoo.”  “Oh my, which way is it heading?”  “Well you don’t think we are chasing it, do you?”
Herds of elephants from all over Africa were summoned to a meeting in the jungle, as their national leader took his place on the stage, one of the African elephants trumpeted impatiently:  “Come on, tell us what this is all about.  We’re all ears.”
A history professor and a psychology professor were sitting outside at a nudist colony.  The history professor asked: “Have you read Marx?  The psychology professor replied: “Yes. I think it’s from the wicker chairs.”
A frustrated father told a work colleague: “When I was a youngster, I was disciplined by being sent to my room without supper.  But in my son’s room, he has his own color TV, computer, games console, cell phone and CD player.”  “So what do you do?”  The father replied: “I send him to my room!”
A guy called a budget airline to book a flight.  The operator asked: “How many people area traveling?  “How should I know?” said the man. “It’s your plane!”
A guy was walking along the street when he saw a crowd of people running towards him.  He stopped one of the runners and asked:  “What’s happening?”  The runner replied breathlessly: “A lion has escaped from the zoo.”  “Oh my, which way is it heading?”  “Well you don’t think we are chasing it, do you?”
Herds of elephants from all over Africa were summoned to a meeting in the jungle, as their national leader took his place on the stage, one of the African elephants trumpeted impatiently:  “Come on, tell us what this is all about.  We’re all ears.”
A deer was trying to cross a busy road but the traffic was very heavy.  After waiting unsuccessfully for a few minutes, a bear walked past and said:  “Excuse me, there’s a zebra crossing a bit further along the road.”  The deer said, “Well, I hope he’s having better luck than I am!   
A history professor and a psychology professor were sitting outside at a nudist colony.  The history professor asked: “Have you read Marx?  The psychology professor replied: “Yes. I think it’s from the wicker chairs.”
A frustrated father told a work colleague: “When I was a youngster, I was disciplined by being sent to my room without supper.  But in my son’s room, he has his own color TV, computer, games console, cell phone and CD player.”  “So what do you do?”  The father replied: “I send him to my room!”
A couple of terrorist were making letter bombs.  After they had finished, one said: “Do you think I put enough explosive in this envelope?  “I don’t know,” said the other.  “Open it and see.”  “But it will explode.”  “Don’t be stupid! It’s not addressed to you!
Two verbs, three adjectives, three nouns and a conjunction appeared in court.  They’re due to be sentenced next week.
A wife got so mad at her husband she packed his bags and told him to get out. As he walked to the door she yelled, "I hope you die a long, slow, painful death."  He turned around and said, "So, you want me to stay?"
A man walks into a bar and asks for a glass of water.  The bartender pulls out a shotgun and fires a shot, barely missing the man's head.  The man gets up, says thank you, and leaves a tip.   Why the tip and thank you; “because the man had the hiccups.”   
A group of doctors were out duck hunting, when a large bird flew overhead. The family doctor raised his gun to shoot, but then lowered his gun saying, "I am not sure that is a duck."  The Psychiatrist raised his gun, but then lowered it again saying, “I know it's a duck, but I'm not sure that it knows it's a duck."  The surgeon raises his gun and blasts the bird out of the sky.  He turns to the pathologist and says, "Go see if that was a duck." 
Little Johnny and a friend were closely examining bathroom scales on display at the department store. “What’s it for?’ his friend asked.  “I don’t know,” little Johnny replied.  “I think you stand on it and it makes you mad.  At least it does that for my Mom and Dad.”
An Idiot was eating in a restaurant and suddenly, he started singing aloud to the pleasure of the other customers. After eating, he stood up to go without paying for his meal. "You haven't paid for your meal" said a waitress to him to which he replied "what do you make of my entertainment then?" Getting annoyed, the waitress replied,  “no one asked you to entertain anyone," to which the Idiot replied "no one asked me to come and eat here either."
Two snails went to an auto race.  There were twenty six cars, so instead of numbers the cars were identified by letters from A to Z.  As the race started, the S car quickly sped away from the trailing pack of cars.  Seeing this, the one snail said to the other, "Hey, look at that S car go!"
Little Johnny and a friend were closely examining bathroom scales on display at the department store. “What’s it for?’ his friend asked.  “I don’t know,” little Johnny replied.  “I think you stand on it and it makes you mad.  At least it does that for my Mom and Dad.”
An Idiot was eating in a restaurant and suddenly, he started singing aloud to the pleasure of the other customers. After eating, he stood up to go without paying for his meal. "You haven't paid for your meal" said a waitress to him to which he replied "what do you make of my entertainment then?" Getting annoyed, the waitress replied,  “no one asked you to entertain anyone," to which the Idiot replied "no one asked me to come and eat here either."
A woman is a complicated creature.  Before marriage, she expects a man, after marriage she suspects him, and after death she respects him.
A woman is paying for some purchases at Macy’s.  As she reaches for her card, a TV remote control falls out of her purse.  The sales clerk asks, “Do you always carry your TV remote?”  “No.” the woman says, “But my husband refused to come shopping with me today.  I figured this was a great way to pay him back.”
A man and his dog walk into a bar and sit on bar stools.  The man says I want a Bud. The dog says I want a very dry Martini with three olives.  A guy at a nearby table says to his friend, my God did you hear that.  The friend says so what, lots of people like three olives in their Martinis.
A crook rented an apartment over a police station.  He feels he is "above the law, now!”
Q. Why is psychoanalysis quicker for men than for women? A. When it’s time to revert to childhood, he’s already there. 
A woman is paying for some purchases at Macy’s.  As she reaches for her card, a TV remote control falls out of her purse.  The sales clerk asks, “Do you always carry your TV remote?”  “No.” the woman says, “But my husband refused to come shopping with me today.  I figured this was a great way to pay him back.”
Adam and Eve had an ideal marriage.  He didn’t have to hear about all the men she could have married, and she didn’t have to hear about the way his mother cooked.
A woman is a complicated creature.  Before marriage, she expects a man, after marriage she suspects him, and after death she respects him.
A man walks into a piano store and says, "I would like to buy a hairy piano."  Perplexed, the sales clerk asked, "Why do you want a hairy piano?!"  Nonchalantly, the customer responded, "Well, the last piano store only had Baldwins."
Why should you do what a police dog with pups wants you to do? Because you should obey the "litter of the law".
Q. What do you do when your nose goes on strike?  A. You picket!
Two fish in a tank one says to the other "How do you drive this thing"
Q. Why is psychoanalysis quicker for men than for women? A. When it’s time to revert to childhood, he’s already there. 
Apple Inc. has developed a new high tech toilet.  The details are not yet clear, but the company is torn between two names for the new device: Either the iPood, or the iPeed.
After watching the girls do line dancing, Michael thought, hey I can do this. So he got in line and asked one of the girls, what’s the name of this dance? "She said I don't know; this is the line for the bathroom" 
Q. What game encourages drinking and driving?   A. Golf
Q. What has two circles on either end, and is high in the middle? A. Ohio
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb? NONE, they never get the house! 
A guy was cutting the tail off his dog. His neighbor asked, "What the hell are you doing?"  “My mother-in-law is coming to visit and I don't want any sign of welcome" He replied. 
A very well-known international furniture and interior decoration D.I.Y. Store recently set up a customer assistance department. The first call they got was from a lady who had purchased a wardrobe early in the morning. She explained that after assembly the wardrobe had crumbled three times when the public transport bus passed in front of her house. The store sent a technician over to her place. He reassembled the wardrobe - which was in the night hall on the second floor - and then went into it to observe what would happen when the bus, which was due a few minutes later, went  by. The phone rang just then and the lady went downstairs to take the call. Just then her husband came home from work with a terrible flue condition. Hearing his wife on the phone he trudged upstairs where he found the wardrobe; on opening one of the doors and seeing the man inside he exclaimed "What the dickens are you doing in there!?!" To which the guy replied "I know you'll never believe this, but I'm waiting for the bus!!"
Did you hear about the dead cabbage? There was a big turnip at the funeral.
I have this big problem, doctor – everyone is calling me crazy just because I love hot dogs …  - That’s stupid, in my opinion – frankly, I adore hot dogs too, but nobody calls me crazy ...  - Really?  Great, doctor! Why don’t you come along with me and I’ll show you my collection! 
There was some upset at Margaret Thatcher’s funeral when the decorations were being prepared. More specifically over the drawing pins used to put them up. The upset was caused because a cheap Polish imported brand was used; people said the organizers should have supported British businesses. Apparently some people were so upset they threatened to go on hunger strike. I thought we'd seen the end of the Pole Tacks Diets.
I have this big problem, doctor – everyone is calling me crazy just because I love hot dogs …  - That’s stupid, in my opinion – frankly, I adore hot dogs too, but nobody calls me crazy ...  - Really?  Great, doctor! Why don’t you come along with me and I’ll show you my collection! 
Don't worry if the end of the world is tomorrow! It is already tomorrow in Australia.
A distraught older woman is looking at herself in the mirror and crying. Her voice shakes as she says to her husband, "I'm so old. I'm so fat. I look horrible. I really need a compliment." Her husband, determined to quickly give his beloved the comfort she needs, exclaims, "Damn, do you have good eyesight!"
Canadian geese are known to fly in a "V" shaped as they migrate across the county.  The lead goose in the "V" cuts through the air making it easier for the rest of the geese behind him.  As that lead goose becomes tired, he will drop off and join one of the sides and a new lead goose will take over. This is done several times as they are flying long distances.  So if you look up in the sky and see a "V" shape of geese and one side is longer than the other, do you know what that means? A:(There are more geese on that side)
Two small county judges both got arrested for speeding on the same day.  Rather than call the state Supreme Court for a visiting judge, each agreed to hear the other's case.  The first judge took the bench while the second stood at the defendant's table, and admitted his guilt.  The sentencing judge immediately suspended both the fine and costs.  They switched places.  The second judge admitted that he was speeding, too.  Thereupon the first judge immediately fined him $250 and ordered him to pay court costs.  The second judge was furious.  "I suspended your fine and costs, but you threw the book at me!", he fumed.  The first judge looked at him and replied, "This is the second such case we've had in here today.  Someone has to get tough about all this speeding!"
Q: What kind of birds stick together? A: Vel Crows.
A woman visited a modern-art gallery. One painting was bright blue with vivid orange swirls and the one hanging next to it was black with lime-green splotches. The artist stood nearby, so as politely as she could, the woman said to him, "I'm sorry, but I just don't understand you paintings." "I paint what I feel inside me," the artist replied. "I see," the woman replied innocently. "Have you tried Alka-Seltzer?"
A speaker at Democratic National Convention asked the audience, "Are you better off now?" The audience answered in chorus voice, "Yes." As soon as the loud voice turned silent, a delegate stood up and asked, "How did the GOP get better off?" The speaker declared, "We all are on the same boat, remember?" The delegate exasperated, "Yeah, Noah's Ark - animals in couples!"
At a seminar on American Social Justice, a Civil Rights leader opined, "Anti-Americans are killing the better Americans - the likes of Osama-bin-Laden, Bernie Madoff, John Gotti, to name a few - surprising and confusing most Americans." He further pointed out, "More surprising is the fact that Mob Wives are popular celebrities today." 
An example of the new America: A brother and sister were driving to a couple stores and the conversation of buying things they needed came up. As they were talking, the sister mentioned that she needed to get a new car. The brother said, “Well, you have a college degree now, so you can go get the job that pays you more." The sister, who made between 10 and 11 dollars an hour said, “I already got the job that my college degree will get me. Now what?”
Little Jonny was assigned a job for the choir on Christmas his job was when the choir sang ‘and the Angel lit the candle’ he was to come out and light the candle. So before the service on Christmas Eve they had a practice. So the choir got to the part and sang ‘and the Angel lit the candle’ and there was no Jonny so they sang it a bit louder thinking he didn't hear them and still no Jonny so they sang it even louder and finally Jonny came out and sang; And the cat peed on the matches!  
A man went to visit a friend of his who worked for the zoo, tending to the elephants. But found him crying. When asked what happened the friend replied that the largest bull elephant had died earlier that morning. "I'm sorry I didn't know you were so close to the elephant" "I'm not - I have to bury it."
Two judges from a small county happen to be stopped for speeding on the same day.  They agree that there's no point in calling the state Supreme Court for a visiting judge; they'll just go ahead and hear each other's case.   The next morning, one judge takes the bench, the other sits at counsel table.  The first judge admits he's guilty, and the second judge suspends the fine and court costs for him.   They then switch places, the second judge pleads guilty as well, but the other judge fines him $200 plus all court costs. The second judge is exceedingly upset:  "I suspended your fine and costs and you go and give me the maximum!" The first judge responds:  "Well, look at the increase we've just had for this crime.  SOMEBODY has to do something about it!"  
At a seminar on American Social Justice, a Civil Rights leader opined, "Anti-Americans are killing the better Americans - the likes of Osama-bin-Laden, Bernie Madoff, John Gotti, to name a few - surprising and confusing most Americans." He further pointed out, "More surprising is the fact that Mob Wives are popular celebrities today." 
    A little silver-haired lady calls her neighbor and says,   "Please come over here and help me. I have a killer jigsaw puzzle, and I can't figure out how to get started."  Her neighbor asks, "What is it supposed to be when it's finished?" The little silver haired lady says, "According to the picture on the box, it's a rooster." Her neighbor decides to go over and help with the puzzle. She lets him in and shows him where she has the puzzle spread all over the table. He studies the pieces for a moment, then looks at the box, then turns to her and says, "First of all, no matter what we do, we're not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling a rooster."                                He takes her hand and says, "Secondly, I want you to relax. Let's have a nice cup of tea, and then," he said with a deep sigh ............         "Let's put all the Corn Flakes back in the box."    
A brain surgeon told a patient “you have a growing mass in your brain, it needs to be tended to immediately or it will kill you" The patient agreed to surgery the very next day. Immediately after opening the skull the surgeon took a biopsy of the ugly growing mass and gave it to the surgical nurse with instructions to rush it to the lab and have it analyzed. After a few minutes the nurse returned with the results and stood silently and grimly in front of the surgeon…. The surgeon finally asked…."WELL IS IT MALIGNANT?" The nurse replied…" I'm afraid it’s worse" …" WORSE", the surgeon barked, "WHAT CAN BE WORSE THAN MALIGNANT?" The nurse bowed her head and replied solemnly, "it's Liberal Progressive"…!!! 
A candidate at a job interview was asked a tough question to which he mumbled an inaudible answer. The interviewer said "Come again?" The candidate got up, collected his file, went out of the room and came back again.
How do dogs communicate in the modern world? P-mail And how do they tweet? Wee-mail
How is a snail stronger than an elephant? Because an elephant carries his trunk, but a snail carries his house!
Little Johnny is in art class. The art teacher asks, “What are you drawing?"  Johnny answers, “A cow eating grass,"  "Where's the grass?"  "The cow ate it!"  "Oh... what about the cow?"  "She ran away!"
We live in a society today where pizza delivery comes to your house before the police
 A little boy was about to eat a plate full of his delicious meal.   When his mom noticed his urge to eat the food, she quickly asked him, "Have you said your prayer before eating that meal?"  The boy replied, "No, I won't because I don't want to give away 10% of my dinner." 
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples.. The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray: 'Take only ONE . God is watching.' Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies.  A child had written a note, 'Take all you want.  God is watching the apples'. 
Two old men were sitting in the yard outside the care home one day when Tim turned to the other and said "John I'm really feeling my age today I just hurt all over, how are you feeling? John replied "I feel just like a new born babe" Tim looked at him startled "A New Born babe really?" "Yep, I have no hair, no teeth, and I think I just wet my pants."
Why is it called a 'Picnic'? Betty Sue wanted to eat outside on a hot summer day with her boyfriend. Problem: she had two boyfriends, Fred and Nick. Considering she knew she wouldn't have a very happy lunch if the two boys were arguing, she decided just to choose one boy to have the meal.  She Picked Nick.
Why do these 2 relationships differ so much: the orbital relationship between the earth and sun and that of a tether ball and it's pole?.......  .......that of the sun and earth is a no strings attatched relationship and the other is not!
A police man pulls over a drunk driver for not stopping at a stop sign and asks the driver if he saw the stop sign.  The driver replies "I did but it turned red too fast for me to stop."
A teacher in a political science class asked the students, "Who is the most powerful person in the US?" A student answered, "The First Pet?" The teacher then asked, "Why?" The student explained, "Because, the president kneels before him, talks to him, listens to him, follows him, prefers him to office staff, looks after his wellbeing before the voters', cancels/defers official duties in favor of him, and boards Airforce One first."
An independent voter was exploring the candidates and their parties. He asked a campaigner of a party, "who represents your candidate?" The campaigner answered, "Donkey". The voter asked a campaigner of another party the same question. The campaigner answered, "Elephant". The voter then asked his wife, "who should I vote for - Donkey or Elephant?" The wife suggested, "either one; both are same - animals."
Jim, a collections specialist, was on his first day of work for his new employer and was assigned to collect a past due balance from a company that was a customer of his employer.  He had been provided with a standard script that he was to use where he was to ask for "Accounts Payable" when calling the customer, so that he could talk with someone about the payment of the past due bill.  He made the call, asked the receptionist for "Accounts Payable", and waited for what seemed to be forever on hold.  Finally, after a very long time, the receptionist, who was also on her first day on the job and new to the world of business, came back on the phone and stated, "I am sorry, but I have looked down our list of employees and I do not find anyone named Accounts Payable."
A man goes into a pet shop, wanting to buy a bird. He sees a beautiful bird, the loveliest he's ever seen, and asks how much it is. The shop owner replies 'that bird is $1000'. 'What?!?' cries the man, '$1000 for a bird? What does it do?’ 'Well, I'm glad you asked.' says the shop owner, 'you see, that bird can sing every female role in the ring cycle from memory.' The man thinks, ok but I can't afford the bird. He sees a shorter, but still beautiful, bird and asks how much that one is. 'That bird is $2000' replies the shop owner, and the man asks what this bird can do. 'Well, he can play any Paganini concerto you request on the violin from memory' the man thinks wow, but I really can't afford that bird. He then sees an ancient, hunched, half-dead, ugly, bald bird croaking in the corner of the cage, and, thinking that this bird couldn't cost very much, enquires. 'Oh, that bird is $20000' he is told by the owner. Flabbergasted, the man asks what this bird does. 'Oh, we haven't found out yet' the owner replies, 'but the other two call him 'Maestro''
A teacher in a political science class asked the students, "Who is the most powerful person in the US?" A student answered, "The First Pet?" The teacher then asked, "Why?" The student explained, "Because, the president kneels before him, talks to him, listens to him, follows him, prefers him to office staff, looks after his wellbeing before the voters', cancels/defers official duties in favor of him, and boards Airforce One first."
An independent voter was exploring the candidates and their parties. He asked a campaigner of a party, "who represents your candidate?" The campaigner answered, "Donkey". The voter asked a campaigner of another party the same question. The campaigner answered, "Elephant". The voter then asked his wife, "who should I vote for - Donkey or Elephant?" The wife suggested, "either one; both are same - animals."
Why do these 2 relationships differ so much: the orbital relationship between the earth and sun and that of a tether ball and it's pole?.......  .......that of the sun and earth is a no strings attatched relationship and the other is not!
A police man pulls over a drunk driver for not stopping at a stop sign and asks the driver if he saw the stop sign.  The driver replies "I did but it turned red too fast for me to stop."
A man goes into a pet shop, wanting to buy a bird. He sees a beautiful bird, the loveliest he's ever seen, and asks how much it is. The shop owner replies 'that bird is $1000'. 'What?!?' cries the man, '$1000 for a bird? What does it do?’ 'Well, I'm glad you asked.' says the shop owner, 'you see, that bird can sing every female role in the ring cycle from memory.' The man thinks, ok but I can't afford the bird. He sees a shorter, but still beautiful, bird and asks how much that one is. 'That bird is $2000' replies the shop owner, and the man asks what this bird can do. 'Well, he can play any Paganini concerto you request on the violin from memory' the man thinks wow, but I really can't afford that bird. He then sees an ancient, hunched, half-dead, ugly, bald bird croaking in the corner of the cage, and, thinking that this bird couldn't cost very much, enquires. 'Oh, that bird is $20000' he is told by the owner. Flabbergasted, the man asks what this bird does. 'Oh, we haven't found out yet' the owner replies, 'but the other two call him 'Maestro''
Why is it called a 'Picnic'? Betty Sue wanted to eat outside on a hot summer day with her boyfriend. Problem: she had two boyfriends, Fred and Nick. Considering she knew she wouldn't have a very happy lunch if the two boys were arguing, she decided just to choose one boy to have the meal.  She Picked Nick.
An Old man went to the doctor complaining of a terrible pain in his leg. “I am afraid it’s just old age”, replied the doctor, “there is nothing we can do about it.” “That can’t be” fumed the old man, “you don’t know what you are doing.” “How can you possibly know I am wrong?” countered the doctor. “Well it’s quite obvious,” the old man replied, “my other leg is fine, and it’s the exact same age!” 
Two guys were sitting in a double hole outhouse doing their business, when #1 gets through and pulling up his pants, a quarter falls out of his pocket and falls into the depths of the hole. As they both peer down the hole, #1 pulls out his wallet and throws a 20 dollar into the hole. "What did you do that for?" inquires #2. #1 replies "You don't think I'm going to climb down there for a lousy quarter, do you"
"Frank, if you have 20 dollars and Bill takes away 14.  What would you have?” said the teacher. "A fight!” answers Frank. 
Farmer picks up an American Indian hitch hiking. The Indian is a man of few words but eventually looks at the brown paper bag in between them and asks, "Mmm, What in bag?" The farmer says, "It's a bottle of wine that I got for my wife". Indian thinks for a second and say, "Mmm, good trade".
You know you're a senior citizen when every time you leave your house; you have to go back because of something you forget.
If pros are opposite of cons; that means congress is the opposite of progress.
Regarding Face book Co-founder Edward Saverin's renouncing his US citizenship to avoid paying taxes.  One thing for which you have to give Obama credit for when he took office, one of the biggest problems was illegal immigrants streaming over our border.  3 1/2 years later he's sure cured that problem. Now many are trying to get out. (To avoid paying taxes)
What tool does Count Dracula use when he repairs his car? A Vamplier
Q. What do you call a bug with manners? A. A lady bug
Q: If a one L-ama is a Tibet monk (Lama) And a two L-ama is a South American pack animal? Llama? What is a three L-ama? A: A really big fire.
Q: Did you hear about the person who forgot to pay their exorcist? A: They were repossessed.
Q: Why do birds hold one of their legs up when sleeping? A: Because if they hold both their legs up, they'll fall.
A couple had a fight after which the wife started packing her belongings. Her husband asked her, 'where are you packing to?' She answered, 'I'm going to my mother.'  After a while, the man started packing too. She asked, 'what are you doing, where are you going?' He answered, 'I'm going to my mother'. She asked, 'what happens to the 6 children then? Her husband answered, 'you're going to your mother, I'm going to my mother, and the children will also have to go to their mother!!'
A dog thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me ... They must be Gods!  A cat thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me ... I must be a God!
A snail was mugged by a tortoise. The police said "Can you give us a description of your attacker?  The snail said, "no, it all happened so fast!"
Q: Do politicians ever lie? A: What do you think they get paid for?
Q: Do politicians ever lie? A: What do you think they get paid for?
A man and his son were walking down the street. The boy saw a dog walking and sniffing at the ground. What makes the dog sniff at the ground dad? That is INSTINCT son. A bit later his dad saw a dog sniffing another dog. Do you know why he's doing that son? I do dad, like you said before that’s  END-STINK. 
A guy drove to the beach and parked his car close to the water's edge - not realizing it was Low Tide - then he went for a long hike up into the mountains.  During his excursion, High Tide came and then receded - completely submersing his car for a period of time in the process.  When he finally returned to his car - he became very concerned when he found out that he had Tuna in his Mercury!
Two avid hunters take a hunter's safety class in which they learn that the universal signal for an emergency is three shots in the air.  Sure enough, on their next hunting trip the two men get lost.   One says to the other, "What shall we do?" The other says, I know fire three shots in the air and someone may come to find us.  He fires off three shots, and they wait two hours.  No sign of help.   What shall we do? Fire off three more shots.  So he does. Three hours later there is no response and it is getting dark. The one says "Shall we try again?" The other says, "I guess not... I only have two arrows left... 
"Well, I finaly retired my old car", said the old man. His pal ask, "Did you junk it or trade it in?" "Naw nothing like that, I put four new Michelins on it."
I have been in many places, but I've never been in Cahoots. Apparently, you can't go alone. You have to be in Cahoots with someone.   I've also never been in Cognito. I hear no one recognizes you there.   I have, however, been in Sane. They don't have an airport; you have to be driven there. I have made several trips there, thanks to my friends, family and work.   I would like to go to Conclusions, but you have to jump, and I'm not too much on physical activity anymore.   I have also been in Doubt. That is a sad place to go, and I try not to visit there too often.  I've been in Flexible, but only when it was very important to stand firm.  Sometimes I'm in Capable, and I go there more often as I'm getting older.  One of my favorite places to be is in Suspense! It really gets the adrenalin flowing and pumps up the old heart! At my age I need all the stimuli I can get!   And, sometimes I think I am in Vincible but life shows me I am not!  
A young boy enters a barber shop and the barber whispers to his customer, “This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you.” The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, “Which do you want, son?” The boy takes the quarters and leaves. “What did I tell you?” said the barber. “That kid never learns!” Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store. “Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?” The boy licked his cone and replied, “Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!”
A young boy enters a barber shop and the barber whispers to his customer, “This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you.” The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, “Which do you want, son?” The boy takes the quarters and leaves. “What did I tell you?” said the barber. “That kid never learns!” Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store. “Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?” The boy licked his cone and replied, “Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!”
In 1997 at the age of 87 and not acquainted with modern technology, Ruth was given a "cordless" phone by her son.  He lived 1500 miles away.  After setting it up and showing her how to use it he went home and called her.  "How is your new phone working, Mom."  Her reply astonished him.  "Oh we took it back.  It wouldn't work.  It did not even have a cord."
In 1997 at the age of 87 and not acquainted with modern technology, Ruth was given a "cordless" phone by her son.  He lived 1500 miles away.  After setting it up and showing her how to use it he went home and called her.  "How is your new phone working, Mom."  Her reply astonished him.  "Oh we took it back.  It wouldn't work.  It did not even have a cord."
Bubba and Johnny Ray, two good ole boys from North Carolina, were sitting' on the front porch drinking beer when a large truck hauling rolls and rolls of sod went by.  "I'm gonna do that when I win the lottery," said Bubba.  "Do what?" asked Johnny Ray.  "Send my grass out to be mowed," answered Bubba. 
A beautiful, sexy, good looking lady was sitting next to a guy in a plane...... The lady said to him ' Can you help me remove something from my breast please? ‘The exciting young man replied, 'Wow! It will be my pleasure....... So what is it?' "Your Eyes, idiot!"
A garage mechanic comes out to rescue a broken down car.  Out of respect for other drivers the mechanic leaves his hazards on while parked on the side of the road. The exhaust from the broken down car has fallen off and needs tying up before the car can be driven onto the mechanic's trailer. The mechanic tells the car owner "As it is only 3:00pm I should be able to have the car ready for you by 5pm". At 5:10pm the mechanic rings the car owner. "Sorry I didn't ring you by 5:00pm, but I only got back to the garage 5 minutes ago. "Why, what happened?" asked the car owner. "My vehicle battery went flat, and I had to ring the garage to ask for another mechanic to come out and rescue me," replied the mechanic.
Three absent minded writers were busy discussing a writing project on the platform, while waiting for the train.  The announcement was made, and the train finally arrived. There was complete panic among eagerly waiting passengers as the train made its way to the platform. Passengers rushed inside the train, and the train left. However, one of the writers was not able to catch the train in the confusion.   A passerby who saw all this came up to the writer and told him not to worry and catch the next available train. The writer replied, “I am not worried for myself, but the real problem is that I was the one who was suppose to catch the train, and the two of them who went on the train, actually came to see me off”.  
Q: Why did the cowboy ride his horse? A: Because he was too heavy to carry 
Q: Why did the cowboy ride his horse? A: Because he was too heavy to carry 
Q: Why can't idiots make Kool-Aid? A: They can't get a quart of water to stay in the envelope
Old Bubba was fishing along the Bayou for catfish one day when he spots a water moccasin slithering across the water with a toad in its mouth. Being a longtime fisherman, he knows the best bait for large catfish are toads. In a flash, Bubba grabs the snake from behind and carefully removes the toad from its mouth and puts the toad in his side bag. Fearing the angry snake would bite him; Bubba grabs his bottle of daddy's moonshine from his pocket and carefully pours 2 drops into the snake's mouth. The snake's eyes glaze over and quickly go limp. Bubba carefully places the snake back in the water. A few hours later, Bubba is just about to head back home, when he feels something tapping on his leg. He looks down and is amazed to see the same water moccasin with 2 frogs in its mouth.   
After drinking, Men talk unnecessarily, Become emotional, Drive badly, Stop thinking, Fight for nothing Women can do all these without drinking!  
A shy man was feeling a little lucky and decided to ask the subdued provocative Librarian about seduction as he tended to be oblique in his intentions. “Do you have any books on women seducing men?'' The Librarian answered without hesitation '' Why yes" she murmured. Most likely found in the '' Fantasy section" 
A shy man was feeling a little lucky and decided to ask the subdued provocative Librarian about seduction as he tended to be oblique in his intentions. “Do you have any books on women seducing men?'' The Librarian answered without hesitation '' Why yes" she murmured. Most likely found in the '' Fantasy section" 
The only person in our town who can afford to go on a jaguar is a zoo-keeper.
It was very crowded and noise in this Restaurant and this blond girl asks the waiter where the restroom was. And he says: - I can’t hear you! So she gets close to his ear and asks again: - Can you please tell me where the ladies room is? And he replies: - On the other side! So she turns around and gets close to his other ear, and asks:-Can you please tell me where the ladies room is, please! And he answers: - On the other side! 
 Q.  Where can men over 50 find younger sexy women who are interest in them? A.  Try a bookstore under fiction!  Q.  How can you increase the heart rate of your 50+ year old husband? A.  Tell him you're pregnant!
The teacher asked little Peter; "If I have 5 mangoes in one hand and five mangoes in the other, what do I have?”  " Big Hands, " said Peter. 
An old man walking along the river bank suddenly spotted a boy drowning in the river.  The man started shouting "HELP! HELP! I can't swim", a man passing by the road shouted back "Will you ever grow up! I also can't ride a bicycle but you'll never hear me yelling about it in the street"  
One Halloween a man was walking down the street and heard a thumping noise behind him.  Looking behind him he saw a coffin following him, upright.  He was a bit nervous and began walking a little bit faster.  The coffin continued, "thumpety thump, thumpety thump".  He began running and the coffin kept up and began opening and closing, ""thumpety thump, thumpety thump clap, "thumpety thump, thumpety thump clap".  Terrified he ran to his front door, and went inside, slamming the door and locking it.  The coffin continued, "thumpety thump, thumpety thump - CRASH" it came right through the door,  He ran up the stairs, and right behind him, "thumpety thump, thumpety thump clap, "thumpety thump, thumpety thump clap".  He rushed into the bathroom and slammed the door, but the coffin broke through the door - "thumpety thump, thumpety thump crash".  Terrified the man grabbed the first thing he could, a bottle of robutusin and threw it - and the coffin stopped!
The drunken defendant appears yet again before the tired judge, who says, "You have been constantly appearing before me for the past twenty years."  Replied the drunk:  "Can I help it if you can't get promoted?"
 A guy tells his psychiatrist, “I always have this weird dream at night. I am locked in a room with a door on which there is a sign. I try to push it with all my strength, but no matter how hard I try, it won’t budge." The psychiatrist muses, “Interesting." But tell me what does the sign on the door say? The guy replies, “It says 'Pull'”!!!
It's a hot summer day and Jake and Harry are in a ditch digging away. Meanwhile, Ralph is up under the shade of a tree sipping on a cool drink. Jake asks Harry, "Why are we down here digging in the hot Sun while Ralph is being cool up there?" Harry says, "I don't know, I'll go ask him". Harry goes up and asks Ralph, "Why are you up here in the shade drinking a cool drink and Jake and I are in the ditch digging in the hot sun?" Ralph says, "'cause I've got smarts". "What's that? Asks Harry. Ralph puts his hand in front of the tree and says, "Hit my hand as hard as you can". Harry swings his fist at Ralph’s hand, Ralph moves his hand and Harry hits the tree, hurting his hand. Ralph, says "I knew to pull my hand away, that’s called having smarts". Harry goes back in the ditch and Jake asks, "What did he say?" Ralph says, "Its cause he has smarts." "What's that? Asks Jake. Harry puts his hand in front of his face and says. "Hit my hand!"
Hospital regulations require a wheel chair for patients being discharged.  However, while working as a student aide, Sam found one elderly gentleman already dressed and sitting on the bed with a suitcase at his feet, who insisted he didn’t need Sam’s help to leave the hospital.  After a chat about rules being rules, he reluctantly let Sam wheel him to the elevator.  On the way down Sam asked him if his wife was meeting him.  I don’t know,” he said. “She is till upstairs in the bathroom changing out of her hospital gown.”
The old man had died. A wonderful funeral was in progress and the town’s preacher talked at length of the good traits of the deceased, what an honest man he was, and what a loving husband and kind father he was.  Finally, the widow leaned over and whispered to one of her children, “Go up there and take a look in the coffin and see if that’s your pa.”
A man was on a beach when he discovered an old lamp in the sand. He rubbed it and a genie popped out. The genie said "I will grant you three wishes. The only condition is that you cannot wish for more wishes." "Alright," said the man, "I wish for more genies."
A man was on a beach when he discovered an old lamp in the sand. He rubbed it and a genie popped out. The genie said "I will grant you three wishes. The only condition is that you cannot wish for more wishes." "Alright," said the man, "I wish for more genies."
Glen, why do you always get so dirty? Asked the teacher.      Well, I'm a lot closer to the ground than you are. He replied 
Glen, why do you always get so dirty? Asked the teacher.      Well, I'm a lot closer to the ground than you are. He replied 
The stockbroker received notice from the IRS that he was being audited.  He showed up at the appointed time and place with all his financial records, and then sat for what seemed like hours as the accountant pored over them. Finally the IRS agent looked up and commented, “You must have been a tremendous fan of Sir Arthur Doyle”  “why would you say that?” wondered the broker. “Because you’ve made more brilliant deductions on your last three returns than Sherlock Holmes made in his entire career.” 
The old man had died. A wonderful funeral was in progress and the town’s preacher talked at length of the good traits of the deceased, what an honest man he was, and what a loving husband and kind father he was.  Finally, the widow leaned over and whispered to one of her children, “Go up there and take a look in the coffin and see if that’s your pa.”
An airline ticker office in Copenhagen reminds you:  WE TAKE YOUR BAGS AND SEND THEM IN ALL DIRECTIONS 
A sign at Budapest’s Zoo requests: PLEASE DO NOT FEED THE ANIMALS.   IF YOU HAVE ANY SUITABLE FOOD GIVE IT TO THE GUARD ON DUTY 
The stockbroker received notice from the IRS that he was being audited.  He showed up at the appointed time and place with all his financial records, and then sat for what seemed like hours as the accountant pored over them. Finally the IRS agent looked up and commented, “You must have been a tremendous fan of Sir Arthur Doyle”  “why would you say that?” wondered the broker. “Because you’ve made more brilliant deductions on your last three returns than Sherlock Holmes made in his entire career.” 
Steve lived in Stated Island, NY and worked in Manhattan.  He had to take the ferry home every night.  One evening, he got sown to the ferry and found there was a wait for the next boat, so Steve decided to stop at a nearby tavern.  Before long he was felling no pain.  When he got back to the ferry slip, the ferryboat was just eight feet from the dock. Steve. Afraid of missing this one and being late for dinner, took a running leap and landed right on the deck of the boat.   “How did you like that jump, buddy?” said a proud Steve to a deck hand.  “It was great,” said the sailor.  “But why didn’t you wait?  We were just pulling in!” 
Hospital regulations require a wheel chair for patients being discharged.  However, while working as a student aide, Sam found one elderly gentleman already dressed and sitting on the bed with a suitcase at his feet, who insisted he didn’t need Sam’s help to leave the hospital.  After a chat about rules being rules, he reluctantly let Sam wheel him to the elevator.  On the way down Sam asked him if his wife was meeting him.  I don’t know,” he said. “She is till upstairs in the bathroom changing out of her hospital gown.”
Steve lived in Stated Island, NY and worked in Manhattan.  He had to take the ferry home every night.  One evening, he got sown to the ferry and found there was a wait for the next boat, so Steve decided to stop at a nearby tavern.  Before long he was felling no pain.  When he got back to the ferry slip, the ferryboat was just eight feet from the dock. Steve. Afraid of missing this one and being late for dinner, took a running leap and landed right on the deck of the boat.   “How did you like that jump, buddy?” said a proud Steve to a deck hand.  “It was great,” said the sailor.  “But why didn’t you wait?  We were just pulling in!” 
A college student challenged a senior citizen, saying it was impossible for their generation to understand his.  “You grew up in a different world,” the student said.  “Today we have television, jet planes, space travel, nuclear energy, computers…” Taking advantage of a pause in the student’s litany, the geezer said, “You’re right.  We didn’t have those things when we were young; so we invented them!  What are you doing for the next generation??” 
While taking a routine vandalism report at an elementary school, the policeman was interrupted by a 6 year-old looking up and down his uniform, she asked. “Are you a policeman? “Yes,” he answered and continued writing the report.  “My mother said if I ever needed help I should ask the police.  Is that right?” “Yes, that’s right, the policeman told her. “Well, then,” the little girl said as she extended her foot toward him, “would you please tie my shoe?”
Three drunks hailed a taxi. The taxi driver seeing that they were so wasted when they got in, he just switched on the engine and switched it off, and said we are here.  The 1st guy gave him money, 2nd guy said thanks, but the 3rd guy slapped him. The taxi driver was stunned because he was hoping that none of them would have realized the car didn't move an inch. So what was that for, he asked.  Control your speed next time, you almost killed us.   
A guy walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "I'd like a Whiskey Sour."  The bartender replies "How do you make that?"  The guy says "You put in whiskey to make it strong, water to make it weak, lemon to make it sour and sugar to make it sweat.  You mix it all together and you say 'Here's to you' and then you drink it yourself."  The bartender says "That's not a drink! That's a contradiction!"
At a party of professionals, a doctor was having difficulty socializing. Everyone wanted to describe their symptoms and get an opinion about diagnosis. The doctor turned to a lawyer acquaintance and asked, "How do you handle people who want advice outside of the office?"  "Simple," answered the lawyer, "I send them a bill. That stops it."  The next day, the doctor, still feeling a bit reserved about what he had just finished doing, opened his mailbox to send out the bills. Much to his surprise, there sat a bill from the lawyer. 
You know you’re getting old when your best friend tells you he's having an affair and you want to know if it's catered
You know you’re getting old when your best friend tells you he's having an affair and you want to know if it's catered
I heard this story in the late seventies. Just prior to a manned launch an insect was heard in the superstructure of the rocket. The risk analysis and decision had to be made to launch or to delay the launch and purge the insect. The risk was negligible so the rocket launch. The insect was dubbed the Gemini Cricket.
A man goes to the police station wanting to speak to the burglar who broke into his house the night before. ‘You’ll get your chance in court,’ says the desk sergeant.  ‘No, no, no! says the man. ‘I want to know how he got into the house without waking my wife.  I’ve been trying to do that for years!’ 
A man goes to the police station wanting to speak to the burglar who broke into his house the night before. ‘You’ll get your chance in court,’ says the desk sergeant.  ‘No, no, no! says the man. ‘I want to know how he got into the house without waking my wife.  I’ve been trying to do that for years!’ 
An airline ticker office in Copenhagen reminds you:  WE TAKE YOUR BAGS AND SEND THEM IN ALL DIRECTIONS 
A sign at Budapest’s Zoo requests: PLEASE DO NOT FEED THE ANIMALS.   IF YOU HAVE ANY SUITABLE FOOD GIVE IT TO THE GUARD ON DUTY 
A college student challenged a senior citizen, saying it was impossible for their generation to understand his.  “You grew up in a different world,” the student said.  “Today we have television, jet planes, space travel, nuclear energy, computers…” Taking advantage of a pause in the student’s litany, the geezer said, “You’re right.  We didn’t have those things when we were young; so we invented them!  What are you doing for the next generation??” 
After a lady’s car had leaked motor oil on her cement driveway, she bought a large bag of cat litter to soak it up.  It worked so well, that she went back to the store to get another bag to finish the job.  The clerk remembered her. Looking thoughtfully at her purchase, he said, “Lady, if that were my cat, I’d put him outside!”
While taking a routine vandalism report at an elementary school, the policeman was interrupted by a 6 year-old looking up and down his uniform, she asked. “Are you a policeman? “Yes,” he answered and continued writing the report.  “My mother said if I ever needed help I should ask the police.  Is that right?” “Yes, that’s right, the policeman told her. “Well, then,” the little girl said as she extended her foot toward him, “would you please tie my shoe?”
After a lady’s car had leaked motor oil on her cement driveway, she bought a large bag of cat litter to soak it up.  It worked so well, that she went back to the store to get another bag to finish the job.  The clerk remembered her. Looking thoughtfully at her purchase, he said, “Lady, if that were my cat, I’d put him outside!”
I heard this story in the late seventies. Just prior to a manned launch an insect was heard in the superstructure of the rocket. The risk analysis and decision had to be made to launch or to delay the launch and purge the insect. The risk was negligible so the rocket launch. The insect was dubbed the Gemini Cricket.
What did the tired chess player do? He took the knight off 
What did the tired chess player do? He took the knight off 
During my earlier career days, offices recorded attendance in book registers and we had pay cuts for being late more than 4 times a month and the update was under control of the receptionist. On one occasion, our boss appreciated & commended a colleague of mine for drastic improvement for on time attendance, surprisingly just after he moved to a far away home location. My colleague’s instant reaction to my boss was “Sir the receptionist is coming late to the office"
A man asks a trainer in the gym: "I want to impress that beautiful girl, which machine can I use?"       The trainer replied; “Use the ATM outside the gym!!!" 
A UNI graduate is applying for a part time job to help with his course fees. He applies to work in a supermarket and gets the job. The first day the manager tells him to sweep the floor, the UNI grad. is furious and shouts "hey mate, don't you know that I have several degrees in various areas of science and after seven years of going to university you ask me to sweep the floor". The manager replied “Oh sorry, I didn't know that, here pass me the broom and I’ll show you how to sweep the floor."
A man goes to an optician asking for help about his shortsightedness. The optician invites the man to go outside the shop, points to the sun and asks the man what that is. The man somewhat stunned replies obviously: that’s the sun! Thereafter the optician asks: but how far do you want to see?  
Yesterday scientists revealed that beer contains small traces of female hormones. To prove their theory, the scientists fed 100 men 12 pints of beer and observed that 100% of them gained weight, talked excessively without making sense, became emotional, and couldn’t drive. No further testing is planned. 
At a mental health hospital a psychiatrist sets a test to determine the mental progress of his three top patients. He gets three chairs and repaints them. Before they dry, he repositions them in a room in such a way that one is in front of the other. After this, he calls the three patients and asks them to seat down. The first two gladly sit on the wet chairs at the front. However, the third who comes in last takes one look at the wet chair and then proceeds to the corner of the room where there is a pile of papers. He takes one sheet which he drapes on the wet chair before sitting.  Surprised by the action of the third, the doctor asks him why he draped the sheet of paper on the wet chair, "that's easy," came the reply, "seeing that am seated at the back, I needed to be a bit raised if I wanted to see what's happening at the front" 
“Now, Joseph,” said the teacher to the aggressive youngster, “what do you think your classmates would think of you if you were always kind and polite?” “They’d think they could beat me up,” promptly responded Joseph. 
The judge was instructing the jury that a witness was not necessarily to be regarded as untruthful because he changed his statement from one which he had previously made to the police.  “For example,” he said, “when I entered my chambers today, I was sure I had my gold watch in my pocket.  But then I remembered that I left in on my nightstand in my bedroom.” When the judge returned home, his wife asked him, “Why so much urgency for your watch?  Isn’t sending three men to get it a bit extreme?”  “What?” said the judge, “I didn’t send anyone for my watch, let alone three people; what did you do?” “I gave it to the first one,” said the wife.  “He knew exactly where it was.” 
Mrs. Swanson declined to serve on the jury because she was not a believer in capital punishment and didn’t want her beliefs to get in the way of the trial.  “But, Madam,” said the public defender, who had taken a liking to her kind face and calm demeanor, “this is not a murder trial.  It is merely a civil lawsuit being brought by a wife against her husband.  He gambled away the fifteen thousand dollars he’d promised to spend on a chinchilla coat for her birthday.”  “Hmmm,” reflected Mrs. Swanson.  “Okay, I’ll serve, I could be wrong about capital punishment.”
New phone app. You know there is a lot of money to be made by developing a useful phone app. With the fitness craze and everyone being weight conscious I put my brain cells to work on the project.  I want to announce the Newest phone app available for tracking progress in your fitness program.  It is called the Personal Scale App.  This is how it works.  You program your I-phone or Droid with my new app.  Place it on a hard surface like a tile floor and then stand on it.  The phone will record your current weight and display it on the screen.  My only problem is it only seems to work once.  
A man was checking into a hotel when he saw a golden retriever sitting on a rug near the hotel elevator. Talking to the man behind the desk, he asked, "Does your dog bite?" The attendant said, "No, he doesn't." But as the man let his hand down to pat the dog, it bit his hand and held on so tightly that the man had to throw him across the room.  Returning to the desk, the man said, "I thought you said that your dog didn't bite." He directed the attendant's attention to the dog, who now had returned to the rug. The attendant simply answered, "My friend that is NOT my dog." 
 Why did the football coach go to the bank?  To get his quarter back. 
At school one morning the teacher asked little Johnny what he had for breakfast.  Little Johnny said, well, on my way to school I come cross this Apple tree, so I climbed up there and started eating apples. I guess I eat about six, said little Johnny. No, said the teacher, it’s ate!  Little Johnny said well it could've been eight I don't remember.
It was an elegant dinner party and the hostess had left nothing to chance, except that a little water had splashed on the marble floor.  And when the waiter came into the dining room carrying the beautiful roast suckling pig, he slipped and fell flat, sending the roast flying.  “Don’t worry, Tomas,” said the hostess calmly.  “Just take the roast back to the kitchen and bring out the other one.”
A lonely stranger went into a deserted restaurant and ordered the breakfast special.  When his order arrived, he looked up at the waitress and asked, “How about a kind word?”  The waitress leaned over and whispered, “Don’t eat the meat.”
If you can’t find a lawyer who knows the law, find a lawyer who knows the judge.
Mr. Trent always scheduled the weekly staff meeting for four thirty on Friday afternoons.  When one of the employees finally got up the nerve to ask why, he explained.  “I will tell you why … I’ve leaned that’s the only time of the week when none of you seem to want to argue with me.”
What’s the good part about Alzheimer’s diseased? You keep meeting new friends. 
Dotty came into the office all aflutter about her husband, “You won’t believe this, Terry, but George takes a fishing- pole into the bathroom and tosses the hook into the tub.” “You’ve got to be kidding,” gasped Terry. “Don’t you think you should take him to a psychiatrist?”  “No time,” replied Dotty with a shrug.  “I’m too busy cleaning fish.” 
It was an elegant dinner party and the hostess had left nothing to chance, except that a little water had splashed on the marble floor.  And when the waiter came into the dining room carrying the beautiful roast suckling pig, he slipped and fell flat, sending the roast flying.  “Don’t worry, Tomas,” said the hostess calmly.  “Just take the roast back to the kitchen and bring out the other one.”
The judge was instructing the jury that a witness was not necessarily to be regarded as untruthful because he changed his statement from one which he had previously made to the police.  “For example,” he said, “when I entered my chambers today, I was sure I had my gold watch in my pocket.  But then I remembered that I left in on my nightstand in my bedroom.” When the judge returned home, his wife asked him, “Why so much urgency for your watch?  Isn’t sending three men to get it a bit extreme?”  “What?” said the judge, “I didn’t send anyone for my watch, let alone three people; what did you do?” “I gave it to the first one,” said the wife.  “He knew exactly where it was.” 
If you can’t find a lawyer who knows the law, find a lawyer who knows the judge.
Mr. Trent always scheduled the weekly staff meeting for four thirty on Friday afternoons.  When one of the employees finally got up the nerve to ask why, he explained.  “I will tell you why … I’ve leaned that’s the only time of the week when none of you seem to want to argue with me.”
“My son decided to go into business on a shoestring,” said Sal. “He has tripled his investment, but he’s still not satisfied, can you believe it?” “Why not?” asked his body Lance. “He can’t think of anything to do with three shoestrings.”  
“Now, Joseph,” said the teacher to the aggressive youngster, “what do you think your classmates would think of you if you were always kind and polite?” “They’d think they could beat me up,” promptly responded Joseph. 
Mrs. Swanson declined to serve on the jury because she was not a believer in capital punishment and didn’t want her beliefs to get in the way of the trial.  “But, Madam,” said the public defender, who had taken a liking to her kind face and calm demeanor, “this is not a murder trial.  It is merely a civil lawsuit being brought by a wife against her husband.  He gambled away the fifteen thousand dollars he’d promised to spend on a chinchilla coat for her birthday.”  “Hmmm,” reflected Mrs. Swanson.  “Okay, I’ll serve, I could be wrong about capital punishment.”
The best answer to the question asked in an interview, "Where do you see yourself in 5 years' time?" . . . "In the mirror as always . . "
The key to the success of all musicians of note is their ability to stay composed while performing at a level that can't be beat.
The key to the success of all musicians of note is their ability to stay composed while performing at a level that can't be beat.
A lonely stranger went into a deserted restaurant and ordered the breakfast special.  When his order arrived, he looked up at the waitress and asked, “How about a kind word?”  The waitress leaned over and whispered, “Don’t eat the meat.”
“My son decided to go into business on a shoestring,” said Sal. “He has tripled his investment, but he’s still not satisfied, can you believe it?” “Why not?” asked his body Lance. “He can’t think of anything to do with three shoestrings.”  
What’s the good part about Alzheimer’s diseased? You keep meeting new friends. 
Dotty came into the office all aflutter about her husband, “You won’t believe this, Terry, but George takes a fishing- pole into the bathroom and tosses the hook into the tub.” “You’ve got to be kidding,” gasped Terry. “Don’t you think you should take him to a psychiatrist?”  “No time,” replied Dotty with a shrug.  “I’m too busy cleaning fish.” 
The best answer to the question asked in an interview, "Where do you see yourself in 5 years' time?" . . . "In the mirror as always . . "
A teacher asked students to bring old staff, 1 kid came with his grandpa
Wife is the knife which cuts the life but there is no life without a wife.
Peter says.  Doctor, I see double!  Sit on the chair please the doctor says. Which one? Peter replied. 
Did you ever notice that musicians play and doctors practice but the rest of us work for a living!
A wife was making a breakfast of fried eggs for her husband.  Suddenly, her husband burst into the kitchen. 'Careful,' he said, 'CAREFUL! Put in some more butter! Oh my gosh! You're cooking too many at once. TOO MANY! Turn them! TURN THEM NOW! We need more butter. Oh my gosh! WHERE are we going to get MORE BUTTER? They're going to STICK! Careful. CAREFUL! I said be CAREFUL! You NEVER listen to me when you're cooking! Never! Turn them! Hurry up!  Are you CRAZY? Have you LOST your mind? Don't forget to salt them. You know you always forget to salt them. Use the salt. USE THE SALT! THE SALT!'  The wife stared at him. 'What in the world is wrong with you? You think I don't know how to fry a couple of eggs?'  The husband calmly replied, 'I just wanted to show you what it feels like when I'm driving.' 
A man came home and was greeted by his wife dressed in a very sexy nightie. 'Tie me up,' she purred, 'and you can do anything you want.'    So he tied her up and went golfing. 
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right, and the other is a husband.  
What did the spider email to the fly? Visit my Web site!
The Queens Riddle  Barack Obama met with the Queen of England. He asked her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there... any tips you can give to me?" &#8206;"Well," said the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people." Obama frowned, and then asked, "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?" The Queen took a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy; you just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle." The Queen pushed a button on her intercom. "Please ... See More send Tony Blair in here, would you?" Tony Blair walked into the room and said, "Yes, Your Majesty?" The Queen smiled and said, "Answer me this please, Tony, your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?" Without pausing for a moment, Tony Blair answered, "That would be me." "Yes! Very good," said the Queen. Obama went back home to ask Joe Biden, his vice presidential choice the same question. "Joe, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?" "I'm not sure," said Biden. "Let me get back to you on that one..." He went to his advisors and asked every one, but none could give him an answer. Finally, he ran into Sarah Palin out eating one night. Biden asked, “Sarah, can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?" Sarah Palin answered back, "That's easy, it's me!" Biden smiled, and said, "Thanks!" Then, he went back to speak with Obama. "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's Sarah Palin!" Obama got up, stomped over to Biden, and angrily yelled into his face, "No! You idiot! It's Tony Blair!" 
The Queens Riddle  Barack Obama met with the Queen of England. He asked her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there... any tips you can give to me?" &#8206;"Well," said the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people." Obama frowned, and then asked, "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?" The Queen took a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy; you just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle." The Queen pushed a button on her intercom. "Please ... See More send Tony Blair in here, would you?" Tony Blair walked into the room and said, "Yes, Your Majesty?" The Queen smiled and said, "Answer me this please, Tony, your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?" Without pausing for a moment, Tony Blair answered, "That would be me." "Yes! Very good," said the Queen. Obama went back home to ask Joe Biden, his vice presidential choice the same question. "Joe, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?" "I'm not sure," said Biden. "Let me get back to you on that one..." He went to his advisors and asked every one, but none could give him an answer. Finally, he ran into Sarah Palin out eating one night. Biden asked, “Sarah, can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?" Sarah Palin answered back, "That's easy, it's me!" Biden smiled, and said, "Thanks!" Then, he went back to speak with Obama. "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's Sarah Palin!" Obama got up, stomped over to Biden, and angrily yelled into his face, "No! You idiot! It's Tony Blair!" 
What did the spider email to the fly? Visit my Web site!
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right, and the other is a husband.  
A wife was making a breakfast of fried eggs for her husband.  Suddenly, her husband burst into the kitchen. 'Careful,' he said, 'CAREFUL! Put in some more butter! Oh my gosh! You're cooking too many at once. TOO MANY! Turn them! TURN THEM NOW! We need more butter. Oh my gosh! WHERE are we going to get MORE BUTTER? They're going to STICK! Careful. CAREFUL! I said be CAREFUL! You NEVER listen to me when you're cooking! Never! Turn them! Hurry up!  Are you CRAZY? Have you LOST your mind? Don't forget to salt them. You know you always forget to salt them. Use the salt. USE THE SALT! THE SALT!'  The wife stared at him. 'What in the world is wrong with you? You think I don't know how to fry a couple of eggs?'  The husband calmly replied, 'I just wanted to show you what it feels like when I'm driving.' 
A man came home and was greeted by his wife dressed in a very sexy nightie. 'Tie me up,' she purred, 'and you can do anything you want.'    So he tied her up and went golfing. 
Jim happened to bump into is friend Greg at the tennis club.  “So, Jim said, “How’s it working out with that shrink I recommended.”  “Great,” Greg said.  “I mean, when I started, I was the most arrogant, self-impressed egomaniac on God’s green earth.”  Now, he shrugged, “you couldn’t ask to meet a more terrific guy than me.”
It was the firs day of school, and the first grade teacher decided to see how much her students knew about math. “Steven, can you tell me what is 3 and 2?”  Steven said, “That’s when you should watch very, very carefully before you swing at the next pitch.” 
Jim happened to bump into is friend Greg at the tennis club.  “So, Jim said, “How’s it working out with that shrink I recommended.”  “Great,” Greg said.  “I mean, when I started, I was the most arrogant, self-impressed egomaniac on God’s green earth.”  Now, he shrugged, “you couldn’t ask to meet a more terrific guy than me.”
Running into the house after school Tommy said to his mother, “Mom! Isn’t an ox a kind of a bull?” “Yes, she replied.  “And doesn’t equine have something to do with horses?”  “That’s right.” She said.  Running out of the house Tommy said “I’ll see you later!” “Why? Where are you going?” asked his mother.  “To some other town I just heard in school that the equinox is coming, and I don’t wanna be around when it gets here!”   
Visiting a genealogist, a man asked how much it would cost to have his family tree traced.  “It could cost thousands of dollars,” said the woman.  “I see.  Well, isn’t there an easier way? A less expensive way?”  “Sure,” she replied.  “Run for president.”
When the rod in her closet fell from the weight of her clothes Sally decided to donate some.  While gathering the garments she no longer wore, she checked the pockets in one coat and found a ticket for shoes she’d brought in for repairs nearly four years before.  “So that’s what happened to those,” she muttered.  Later that day after dropping off the clothes, she decided to see if the repairman still had the shoes.  After studying the ticket, the man said. “I’m sorry, but those won’t be ready until Friday.”
Two philosophers were sitting at a restaurant, discussing whether or not there was a difference between misfortune and disaster. “There is most certainly a difference,” said one.  “If the cook suddenly died and we couldn’t have our dinner that would be a misfortune __ but certainly not a disaster.  On the other hand, if a cruise ship carrying the Congress was to sink in the middle of the ocean, that would be a disaster __ but by no stretch of the imagination would it be a misfortune 
When the rod in her closet fell from the weight of her clothes Sally decided to donate some.  While gathering the garments she no longer wore, she checked the pockets in one coat and found a ticket for shoes she’d brought in for repairs nearly four years before.  “So that’s what happened to those,” she muttered.  Later that day after dropping off the clothes, she decided to see if the repairman still had the shoes.  After studying the ticket, the man said. “I’m sorry, but those won’t be ready until Friday.”
Two philosophers were sitting at a restaurant, discussing whether or not there was a difference between misfortune and disaster. “There is most certainly a difference,” said one.  “If the cook suddenly died and we couldn’t have our dinner that would be a misfortune __ but certainly not a disaster.  On the other hand, if a cruise ship carrying the Congress was to sink in the middle of the ocean, that would be a disaster __ but by no stretch of the imagination would it be a misfortune 
Running into the house after school Tommy said to his mother, “Mom! Isn’t an ox a kind of a bull?” “Yes, she replied.  “And doesn’t equine have something to do with horses?”  “That’s right.” She said.  Running out of the house Tommy said “I’ll see you later!” “Why? Where are you going?” asked his mother.  “To some other town I just heard in school that the equinox is coming, and I don’t wanna be around when it gets here!”   
The lion tamer led his young apprentice into the cage.  “The first thing to remember,” said the older man, “is that if a lion jumps at you, throw something at it.” “And what do I do if there’s nothing to throw?” The lion tamer said, “If a lion jumps at you __ there will be.”   
While walking to the ninth hole, one psychiatrist said to his colleague, would you believe that yesterday I had a patient who claimed he heard music every time he put on his hat?” “Really? What did you do?” The psychiatrist answered, “I took it away and removed the band.” 
Visiting a genealogist, a man asked how much it would cost to have his family tree traced.  “It could cost thousands of dollars,” said the woman.  “I see.  Well, isn’t there an easier way? A less expensive way?”  “Sure,” she replied.  “Run for president.”
The lion tamer led his young apprentice into the cage.  “The first thing to remember,” said the older man, “is that if a lion jumps at you, throw something at it.” “And what do I do if there’s nothing to throw?” The lion tamer said, “If a lion jumps at you __ there will be.”   
While walking to the ninth hole, one psychiatrist said to his colleague, would you believe that yesterday I had a patient who claimed he heard music every time he put on his hat?” “Really? What did you do?” The psychiatrist answered, “I took it away and removed the band.” 
Two drunks are sitting elbow to elbow at a bar.  “I wish I knew where I was going to die,” Paul says. “Why?” asks Tom “Because if I knew I would not go there “Paul replied. 
The boss had listened in sympathetic silence as Mario went through the reasons why he needed, and felt he deserved, a raise.  Then, with a compassionate smile, the CEO patted he younger man on the shoulder. “Yes, Mario,” he said kindly, “I know you can’t get married on the salary I’m paying you… and some day you’ll thank me for it.”
The boss had listened in sympathetic silence as Mario went through the reasons why he needed, and felt he deserved, a raise.  Then, with a compassionate smile, the CEO patted he younger man on the shoulder. “Yes, Mario,” he said kindly, “I know you can’t get married on the salary I’m paying you… and some day you’ll thank me for it.”
Two drunks are sitting elbow to elbow at a bar.  “I wish I knew where I was going to die,” Paul says. “Why?” asks Tom “Because if I knew I would not go there “Paul replied. 
A man went to visit a friend and was amazed to find him playing chess with his dog. He watched the game in astonishment for a while. "I can hardly believe my eyes!" he exclaimed. "That's the smartest dog I've ever seen."  "Nah, he's not so smart," the friend replied. "I've beaten him three games out of five."
One day the school principal was talking to Little Johnny's teacher about his behavior, when all of a sudden Johnny comes running down the hallway. The principal stops Johnny and asks him, why are you running? Little Johnny says; I’m keeping two kids from fighting, sir. Who? ask the principal. Me and the kid chasing me; and off he went.
You have heard it said that it is the thought that counts.  Well, when your wife is involved it is NOT the thought that counts, it is HER thought that counts.
A man gave the waiter his order, "Black coffee, no cream" The waiter came back and apologized, "I'm sorry, we're out of cream.  Would you take your coffee without milk?" 
A tribal farmer watching a Tarzan movie rushed out of the hall the moment a tiger appeared on screen, advancing menacingly towards the audience. The gatekeeper trying to stop him argued that it's only a movie, to which the tribal replied: “I know it’s a movie, you also know it is, but does the tiger know"? 
In the Chemistry class the teacher was describing how August Kekulé, the scientist accidentally discovered a formula to express Benzene.  Kekulé once dozed off in his lab while trying to arrange the six carbon atoms in a particular format alongside six-hydrogen. The scientific community in the entire world had no answer either. Suddenly he had a dream and in his dream he saw two snakes eating each other and suddenly he woke up and tried to write out the formula that way and that was how we got the Benzene ring as we know it today, she said. The teacher however felt bad finding a girl in the front bench dozing off all this while and pulled her up. A boy from the rear said: Madam, please spare her; who knows she might come up with another formula for Benzene! 
History Teacher: "Why was George Washington standing in the bow of the boat as the army crossed the Delaware?" Student: "Because he knew if he sat down, he would have to row." 
Its Mike’s first day on the job as a bartender.  As he serves a customer a Manhattan, a piece of parsley falls into the drink.    “What the hell is that?” the customer asks.  “It’s your Manhattan. And there’s Central Park.” he replied. 
A man walks into a bar with his pet alligator.  He asks the bartender, “Do you serve lawyers here?”  “Yes, we do!” “Good. Give me a beer, and I’ll have a lawyer for my alligator.” 
A man walks into a bar with his pet alligator.  He asks the bartender, “Do you serve lawyers here?”  “Yes, we do!” “Good. Give me a beer, and I’ll have a lawyer for my alligator.” 
Rose accompanied her husband Tom to his annual checkup.  While Tom was getting dressed, the doctor came out and said to Rose, “I don’t like the way he looks.”  “Neither do I,” she said.  “But he’s handy around the house.”  
Carl used to practice meditation on an old mat.  His wife was not happy about the worn-out mat.  One day Carl found the rug missing from its usual place.  “Where is it?” he asked her sternly.  “It has achieved nirvana,” she retorted.  
The young boy protested vigorously when his mother asked him to take his little sister along fishing.  “The last time she came,” he objected, “I didn’t catch a single fish.”  “I’ll talk to her,” his mother said, “and I promise this time she won’t make any noise.” “It wasn’t the noise, Mom,” the boy replied.  “She ate all my bait.” 
They were watching a TV soap opera, and he became irritated by the way his wife was taking it to heart.  “How can you sit there and cry about the made-up troubles of people you’ve never even met?” he demanded. “The same way you can jump up and scream when some guy you’ve never met scores a touchdown,” she replied. 
After removing a tiny fish from his hook and throwing it back into the water, the fisherman said:  “Don’t show up around here anymore without your parents!”
A group of friends who went deer hunting separated into pairs for the day.  That night, one hunter retuned alone, staggering under an eight-point buck.  “Where is Mike?” asked another hunter.  “He fainted a couple of miles up the trail,” Mike’s partner answered.  “You left him lying there alone and carried the deer back?”  “A tough call,” said the hunter.  “But I figured no one is going to steal Mike.”
The law professor was lecturing on courtroom procedure.  “When you are fighting a case and have the facts on your side, hammer away at the facts.  If you have the law on your side, hammer away with the law.”  “But what if you have neither the facts nor the law on your side?”  “In that case,” said the professor, “hammer away on the table.”
A stage mother cornered the concert violinist in his dressing room and insisted he listen to a tape of her talented son playing the violin.  The man agreed to listen, and the woman switched on the tape player.  “What music’” the violinist thought.  A difficult piece, but played with such genius that it brought tears to his eyes.  He listened spellbound to the entire recording.  “Madam,” he whispered is that your son?”  “No, she replied.  “That’s Jascha Heifetz.  But my son sounds just like him.”
After removing a tiny fish from his hook and throwing it back into the water, the fisherman said:  “Don’t show up around here anymore without your parents!”
A group of friends who went deer hunting separated into pairs for the day.  That night, one hunter retuned alone, staggering under an eight-point buck.  “Where is Mike?” asked another hunter.  “He fainted a couple of miles up the trail,” Mike’s partner answered.  “You left him lying there alone and carried the deer back?”  “A tough call,” said the hunter.  “But I figured no one is going to steal Mike.”
A stage mother cornered the concert violinist in his dressing room and insisted he listen to a tape of her talented son playing the violin.  The man agreed to listen, and the woman switched on the tape player.  “What music’” the violinist thought.  A difficult piece, but played with such genius that it brought tears to his eyes.  He listened spellbound to the entire recording.  “Madam,” he whispered is that your son?”  “No, she replied.  “That’s Jascha Heifetz.  But my son sounds just like him.”
Rose accompanied her husband Tom to his annual checkup.  While Tom was getting dressed, the doctor came out and said to Rose, “I don’t like the way he looks.”  “Neither do I,” she said.  “But he’s handy around the house.”  
The law professor was lecturing on courtroom procedure.  “When you are fighting a case and have the facts on your side, hammer away at the facts.  If you have the law on your side, hammer away with the law.”  “But what if you have neither the facts nor the law on your side?”  “In that case,” said the professor, “hammer away on the table.”
Carl used to practice meditation on an old mat.  His wife was not happy about the worn-out mat.  One day Carl found the rug missing from its usual place.  “Where is it?” he asked her sternly.  “It has achieved nirvana,” she retorted.  
The young boy protested vigorously when his mother asked him to take his little sister along fishing.  “The last time she came,” he objected, “I didn’t catch a single fish.”  “I’ll talk to her,” his mother said, “and I promise this time she won’t make any noise.” “It wasn’t the noise, Mom,” the boy replied.  “She ate all my bait.” 
They were watching a TV soap opera, and he became irritated by the way his wife was taking it to heart.  “How can you sit there and cry about the made-up troubles of people you’ve never even met?” he demanded. “The same way you can jump up and scream when some guy you’ve never met scores a touchdown,” she replied. 
A tightwad was convinced by a friend to buy a couple of lottery tickets.  But after he won the big prize he didn’t seem happy.    “What’s wrong?” the friend asked.  “You just became a millionaire!”  “I know,” he groaned, “but I can’t imagine why I bought that second ticket!”
An engineer, a mathematician, and a physicist were standing around the university flagpole when an English professor wandered by.  “What are you doing?” he asked.  “We need to know the height of the flagpole,” said one, “and we’re discussing the formulas we might use to calculate it.”  “Watch!” said the English professor.  He pulled the pole from its fitting, laid it on the grass, borrowed a tape measure and said, “Exactly 24 feet.”  Then he replaced the pole and walked away. “English professor!” sneer the mathematician, “We ask him for the height, and he gives us the length.”
A young man was trying to park his car between two others.  He put it in reverse, and bang- right into the car behind him.  He then went forward and bang- right into the car in front. A young woman watching the maneuver couldn’t contain herself.  “Do you always park by ear?” she asked.
Selling at an auction was halted when the auctioneer announced, “Someone in the room has lost his wallet containing $2,000.  He is offering a reward of $500.00 for its immediate return.”  After a moment of silence, there was a call from the back of the room, “$550.00”
An engineer, a mathematician, and a physicist were standing around the university flagpole when an English professor wandered by.  “What are you doing?” he asked.  “We need to know the height of the flagpole,” said one, “and we’re discussing the formulas we might use to calculate it.”  “Watch!” said the English professor.  He pulled the pole from its fitting, laid it on the grass, borrowed a tape measure and said, “Exactly 24 feet.”  Then he replaced the pole and walked away. “English professor!” sneer the mathematician, “We ask him for the height, and he gives us the length.”
A young man was trying to park his car between two others.  He put it in reverse, and bang- right into the car behind him.  He then went forward and bang- right into the car in front. A young woman watching the maneuver couldn’t contain herself.  “Do you always park by ear?” she asked.
Selling at an auction was halted when the auctioneer announced, “Someone in the room has lost his wallet containing $2,000.  He is offering a reward of $500.00 for its immediate return.”  After a moment of silence, there was a call from the back of the room, “$550.00”
“Please keep your dog beside you, sir,” a woman said crossly to the man sitting opposite to her on the bench at the park.  “I can feel a flea in my shoe.”   “Midnight, come here,” replied the man.   “This woman has fleas.”
While drinking at the river, a young bear admires its reflection and growls, “I am the king of beasts!”   Along comes a lion and roars, “What was that I just heard?”  “Oh, dear,” says the bear, “you say strange things when you’ve had too much to drink.”
Discussing the environment with his friend, John asked, “Which of our natural resources do you think will become exhausted first?”  “The taxpayer,” replied his friend.
The teacher said, “Take a pencil and paper, and write an essay with the title ‘If I Were a Millionaire.’”    Everyone but Joe, who leaned back with arms folded, began to write feverishly.  “What’s the matter,” the teacher asked.  “Why don’t you begin?”  “I’m waiting for my secretary,” Joe replied.
A bus station is where a bus stops.  A train station is where a train stops.   Now you know why they call it a workstation! 
Discussing the environment with his friend, John asked, “Which of our natural resources do you think will become exhausted first?”  “The taxpayer,” replied his friend.
A bus station is where a bus stops.  A train station is where a train stops.   Now you know why they call it a workstation! 
“Please keep your dog beside you, sir,” a woman said crossly to the man sitting opposite to her on the bench at the park.  “I can feel a flea in my shoe.”  “Midnight, come here,” replied the man.  “This woman has fleas.”
While drinking at the river, a young bear admires its reflection and growls, “I am the king of beasts!”   Along comes a lion and roars, “What was that I just heard?”  “Oh, dear,” says the bear, “you say strange things when you’ve had too much to drink.”
The poet had been droning on at the party about his various sources of inspiration.  “Yes, he told the young girl. “I’m at present collecting some of my better poems to be published posthumously.”  “Lovely,” said the girl.  “I’ll look forward to it.”
The trumpet player had been blasting away all day, when there was a knock on his door. “I live next door to you,” he explained.  “Do you know I work nights?”  “No,” said the trumpet player, “but if you hum a few bars, I’ll get the melody.”
A man visiting New York stopped at a restaurant which claimed it could supply any dish ordered, so the tourist asked the waiter for Kangaroo on toast.  The waiter came back a while later and said, “I am so sorry, sir, but we have run out of bread.”
Three rather deaf friends meet on the street; “Windy, isn’t it?  Said one. “No, it’s Thursday,” said the second. “So am I,” said the third.  “Let’s go and have a beer.”  
Yes, Theo, what is it? Asked the teacher.   I don’t wan to alarm you, Miss Davis, but my dad said if I didn’t get better marks, someone was going to get a licking. 
The teacher said; Tommy, this is the fifth day this week you’ve had to stay after school.  What have you to say for yourself?  I’m certainly glad it’s Friday, said Tommy.  
Harry came home from Sunday school and asked his mother, “Do people really come from dust?”  “In a way said,” said his mother.  “And do they go back to dust?” “Yes, in a way.” She replied.  “Well, mother, I looked under my bed, and somebody’s either coming or going.”
Willy runs in and tells his mother you’d better come out.  I’ve just knocked over the ladder at the side of the house. His mother says, go and tell your father, I’m busy. Willy says, Mom he already knows, he’s hanging from the roof. 
The poet had been droning on at the party about his various sources of inspiration.  “Yes, he told the young girl. “I’m at present collecting some of my better poems to be published posthumously.”  “Lovely,” said the girl.  “I’ll look forward to it.”
The census taker knocked on Miss Gibson’s door.  She answered all his questions except one.  She refused to tell him her age.  “But everybody tells their age to the census taker,” the man said. “Did Miss Mary Hill and Miss Patty Hill tell you their ages?”  “Certainly.” Well, I’m the same age as they are,” she snapped.  “As old as the Hills,” the man wrote on his form. 
The trumpet player had been blasting away all day, when there was a knock on his door. “I live next door to you,” he explained.  “Do you know I work nights?”  “No,” said the trumpet player, “but if you hum a few bars, I’ll get the melody.”
Harry came home from Sunday school and asked his mother, “Do people really come from dust?”  “In a way said,” said his mother.  “And do they go back to dust?” “Yes, in a way.” She replied.  “Well, mother, I looked under my bed, and somebody’s either coming or going.”
Bill was showing Joe the family album, and came across a picture of himself and his wife on their wedding day.  “Was that the day Mommy came to work for us?” Joe asked.
Yes, Theo, what is it? Asked the teacher.   I don’t wan to alarm you, Miss Davis, but my dad said if I didn’t get better marks, someone was going to get a licking. 
The teacher said; Tommy, this is the fifth day this week you’ve had to stay after school.  What have you to say for yourself?  I’m certainly glad it’s Friday, said Tommy.  
A beginner rider at the stables was trying to saddle a horse.  “Excuse me,” said the old hand, “but you are putting that saddle on backwards.”  “How do you know,” snapped the student.  “You do not know which way I’m going.”
Willy runs in and tells his mother you’d better come out.  I’ve just knocked over the ladder at the side of the house. His mother says, go and tell your father, I’m busy. Willy says, Mom he already knows, he’s hanging from the roof. 
Bill was showing Joe the family album, and came across a picture of himself and his wife on their wedding day.  “Was that the day Mommy came to work for us?” Joe asked.
A man visiting New York stopped at a restaurant which claimed it could supply any dish ordered, so the tourist asked the waiter for Kangaroo on toast.  The waiter came back a while later and said, “I am so sorry, sir, but we have run out of bread.”
Three rather deaf friends meet on the street; “Windy, isn’t it?  Said one. “No, it’s Thursday,” said the second. “So am I,” said the third.  “Let’s go and have a beer.”  
A woman was arrested for shop lifting.  When she went before the judge he asked her, “What did you steal?”  She replied: “a can of peaches.”  The judge asked her why she had stolen them and she replied that she was hungry.  The judge then asked her how many peaches were in the can.  She replied 5.  The judge then said, “I will give you 5 days in jail.”   Before the judge could actually pronounce the punishment the woman’s husband spoke up and asked the judge if he could say something.  The judge said, “What is it?” The husband said, “She also stole a can of peas.” 
A dentist, after completing work on a patient, came to him and asked; “could you help me? Could you give out a few of your loudest, most painful screams?” The surprised patient said; “why doctor, it wasn’t all that bad this time!” The dentist said; “there are so many people in the waiting room right now, and I don’t want to miss the four o’clock train.” 
A man was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side.  His eyes fluttered open and he said, “You are beautiful.”  Then he fell asleep again.  His wife had never heard him say that, so she stayed by his side.  A few minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, “You are cute!”  The wife was disappointed because instead of “beautiful,” it was now “cute.”  She said, “What happened to ‘beautiful’?” Her husband replied, “The drugs are wearing off!” 
A woman was arrested for shop lifting.  When she went before the judge he asked her, “What did you steal?”  She replied: “a can of peaches.”  The judge asked her why she had stolen them and she replied that she was hungry.  The judge then asked her how many peaches were in the can.  She replied 5.  The judge then said, “I will give you 5 days in jail.”   Before the judge could actually pronounce the punishment the woman’s husband spoke up and asked the judge if he could say something.  The judge said, “What is it?” The husband said, “She also stole a can of peas.” 
A dentist, after completing work on a patient, came to him and asked; “could you help me? Could you give out a few of your loudest, most painful screams?” The surprised patient said; “why doctor, it wasn’t all that bad this time!” The dentist said; “there are so many people in the waiting room right now, and I don’t want to miss the four o’clock train.” 
A man was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side.  His eyes fluttered open and he said, “You are beautiful.”  Then he fell asleep again.  His wife had never heard him say that, so she stayed by his side.  A few minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, “You are cute!”  The wife was disappointed because instead of “beautiful,” it was now “cute.”  She said, “What happened to ‘beautiful’?” Her husband replied, “The drugs are wearing off!” 
My car is so fast the payments are three months behind.
My wife enjoys sports and anything else that calls for an argument.
One horse can carry more money on its nose than the stage coach carried in all its history.
At a bar Tom said to Bill; “Uncle tried to make a new kind of car.  He took wheels from a Cadillac, radiator from a Lexus, tires from a Ford” “What did he get? Asked Bill “Two years.” Said Tom 
I stand behind every car I sell said the previously owned sales rep.   I help push it!
The man charged into the jewelry shop, slammed his fists angrily on the showcase, removed a wristwatch from his pocket and shook it under the nose of the owner.  “You said this watch would last me a lifetime,” he yelled.  “Yeah,” admitted the owner.  “But you looked pretty sick the day you bought it.”
The farmer met his kin at the railroad station.  “Uncle, I’m mighty glad to see you, he greeted.  “That crate of chickens you sent me bust open just as I was going to take ‘em out and they ran all over the place.  I chase ‘em through my neighbor’s yard and only got back eleven.”  “You did okay,” said uncle.  “I only sent you six.”
“Hello, Operator, you gave me the wrong number!” said the young man, quite upset about it. "I’m calling Hope5567.“  "There is no such exchange as Rope,” said the operator.  “Hope,” replied the man angrily. “H like in Harry, O for Otto, P for Peter and E for Edward.”    “Gee,” said the operator, “that phone booth must be awfully crowded, but what number do you want?”
The millionaire was arrested for speeding and brought before the judge in a small community.  When the judge offered him the alternative of paying a $10 fine or serving ten days in jail the millionaire decided to take the ten days.  “But, my good man, you are wealthy,” said the judge, amazement ringing his face. “Why you should prefer ten days in jail to paying a $10 fine is beyond me.”  “It’s like this, Judge,” the man explained.  “Our chef left and my wife figures it’ll take that long to find a new one.”
Notice on the bulletin board at the wrestling arena:  “There will be a rehearsal for tonight’s bout.”
The workman was hanging a sigh outside of Congress.  It read, “Solicitors, fakers and grafters will not be permitted in the House.” Just then a senator happened by.  “Better strike out grafters,” he said, “or we’ll never be able to raise a quorum.” 
A carrier pigeon stopped to rest on the window sill in the Pentagon building.  Close behind him came another pigeon who stopped off to talk.  “Where you going?’ asked the second pigeon.  “To section M to deliver an order,” answered the first.  “What’s the number of the order?” “234XZY-Q78955-421YYTX,” replied the first.  “Better get a move on,” said the second.  “I got an order to rescind it.”
My car is so fast the payments are three months behind.
My wife enjoys sports and anything else that calls for an argument.
A carrier pigeon stopped to rest on the window sill in the Pentagon building.  Close behind him came another pigeon who stopped off to talk.  “Where you going?’ asked the second pigeon.  “To section M to deliver an order,” answered the first.  “What’s the number of the order?” “234XZY-Q78955-421YYTX,” replied the first.  “Better get a move on,” said the second.  “I got an order to rescind it.”
The workman was hanging a sigh outside of Congress.  It read, “Solicitors, fakers and grafters will not be permitted in the House.” Just then a senator happened by.  “Better strike out grafters,” he said, “or we’ll never be able to raise a quorum.” 
Notice on the bulletin board at the wrestling arena:  “There will be a rehearsal for tonight’s bout.”
One horse can carry more money on its nose than the stage coach carried in all its history.
I stand behind every car I sell said the previously owned sales rep.   I help push it!
The man charged into the jewelry shop, slammed his fists angrily on the showcase, removed a wristwatch from his pocket and shook it under the nose of the owner.  “You said this watch would last me a lifetime,” he yelled.  “Yeah,” admitted the owner.  “But you looked pretty sick the day you bought it.”
At a bar Tom said to Bill; “Uncle tried to make a new kind of car.  He took wheels from a Cadillac, radiator from a Lexus, tires from a Ford” “What did he get? Asked Bill “Two years.” Said Tom 
The millionaire was arrested for speeding and brought before the judge in a small community.  When the judge offered him the alternative of paying a $10 fine or serving ten days in jail the millionaire decided to take the ten days.  “But, my good man, you are wealthy,” said the judge, amazement ringing his face. “Why you should prefer ten days in jail to paying a $10 fine is beyond me.”  “It’s like this, Judge,” the man explained.  “Our chef left and my wife figures it’ll take that long to find a new one.”
The farmer met his kin at the railroad station.  “Uncle, I’m mighty glad to see you, he greeted.  “That crate of chickens you sent me bust open just as I was going to take ‘em out and they ran all over the place.  I chase ‘em through my neighbor’s yard and only got back eleven.”  “You did okay,” said uncle.  “I only sent you six.”
On a visit to Chicago, a woman was eager to visit a posh department store a few blocks from her hotel.  Her husband agreeably hailed a cab.  “The lady wants to go to Neiman Marcus,” he told the driver. The cabby looked over his shoulder at them. “And the gentleman?” he asked.  “Does he want to go to the bank?” 
A customer sent an order to a distributor for a large amount of goods totaling a great deal of money.  The distributor noticed that the previous bill hadn’t been paid, so he asked his collections manager to leave a voice-mail for them saying, “We can’t ship your new order until you pay for the last one.”  The next day the collections manager received a collect phone call, “Please cancel the order.  We can’t wait that long.”
A businessman tells his friend that his company is looking for a new accountant, His friend asks, “Didn’t your company hire a new accountant a few weeks ago?”  The businessman replies, “That’s the accountant we’re looking for.” 
The duffer muffed his tee shot into the woods, then hit into few trees, then proceeded to hit across the fairway into some other woods.  Finally, after banging away several more times, he proceeded to hit into a sand trap.  All the while, he’d noticed that the club pro had been watching.  “What club should I use now?” he asked the pro. “I don’t know,” the pro replied.  “What game are you playing?” 
A foursome approached the sixteenth tee.  The straight fairway ran along a road and bike path fenced off on the left.  The first golfer teed of and hooked the ball into that direction. But the ball went over the fence and bounced off the bike path onto the road, where it hit the tire of a moving bus and was knocked back on to the fairway.  As they all stood in silent amazement, one man finally asked him, “How on earth did you do that?”  He shrugged his shoulders and said, “You have to know the bus schedule.”
On a visit to Chicago, a woman was eager to visit a posh department store a few blocks from her hotel.  Her husband agreeably hailed a cab.  “The lady wants to go to Neiman Marcus,” he told the driver. The cabby looked over his shoulder at them. “And the gentleman?” he asked.  “Does he want to go to the bank?” 
The duffer muffed his tee shot into the woods, then hit into few trees, then proceeded to hit across the fairway into some other woods.  Finally, after banging away several more times, he proceeded to hit into a sand trap.  All the while, he’d noticed that the club pro had been watching.  “What club should I use now?” he asked the pro. “I don’t know,” the pro replied.  “What game are you playing?” 
A foursome approached the sixteenth tee.  The straight fairway ran along a road and bike path fenced off on the left.  The first golfer teed of and hooked the ball into that direction. But the ball went over the fence and bounced off the bike path onto the road, where it hit the tire of a moving bus and was knocked back on to the fairway.  As they all stood in silent amazement, one man finally asked him, “How on earth did you do that?”  He shrugged his shoulders and said, “You have to know the bus schedule.”
A businessman tells his friend that his company is looking for a new accountant, His friend asks, “Didn’t your company hire a new accountant a few weeks ago?”  The businessman replies, “That’s the accountant we’re looking for.” 
A customer sent an order to a distributor for a large amount of goods totaling a great deal of money.  The distributor noticed that the previous bill hadn’t been paid, so he asked his collections manager to leave a voice-mail for them saying, “We can’t ship your new order until you pay for the last one.”  The next day the collections manager received a collect phone call, “Please cancel the order.  We can’t wait that long.”
A customer at the counter of a garden ornament shop said to the cashier, “Give me four of those pinwheels, two of those pink flamingos, two of those sunflowers, and one of those bent-over grandmas in bloomers.”    The cashier replied, “That’ll be eight dollars for the pinwheels, ten for the flamingos, six for the sunflowers, and an apology for my wife!”  
Some people have no respect for age unless it’s bottled.
Some people have no respect for age unless it’s bottled.
A skeleton once wanted to go to a party but then he realised he had NO-BODY to go with.
A Saudi Prince went to Germany to study. A month later, he sends a letter to his dad saying:"Berlin is wonderful, people are nice and I really like it here,but I'm a bit ashamed to arrive to school with my gold Mercedes when all my teachers travel by train."  Sometime later he gets a letter from his dad with a ten million dollar check saying:"Stop embarrassing us, go and get yourself a train too”!  
Parents in Beverly Hills fired their nannies and learned their children's names. 
The economy is so bad that:The Mafia is laying off judges 
The economy is so bad that: Motel Six won't leave the light on anymore.  
The economy is so bad that:If the bank returns your check marked "Insufficient Funds," you call them and ask if they meant you or them. 
A skeleton once wanted to go to a party but then he realised he had NO-BODY to go with.
A Saudi Prince went to Germany to study. A month later, he sends a letter to his dad saying:"Berlin is wonderful, people are nice and I really like it here,but I'm a bit ashamed to arrive to school with my gold Mercedes when all my teachers travel by train."  Sometime later he gets a letter from his dad with a ten million dollar check saying:"Stop embarrassing us, go and get yourself a train too”!  
Officer to driver going the wrong way up a one way street. "And where do you think you are going?"  Driver: "I'm not sure, but I must be late as everyone else is already coming back." 
Now that we are into renaming things like Mount Diablo, President Obama wants to rename the San Andreas Fault.  His suggestion, Bush's Fault.
The economy is so bad that:If the bank returns your check marked "Insufficient Funds," you call them and ask if they meant you or them. 
Parents in Beverly Hills fired their nannies and learned their children's names. 
The economy is so bad that:Congress says they are looking into this Bernard Madoff scandal. Oh Great!! The guy who made $50 Billion disappear is being investigated by the people who made $1.5 Trillion disappear! 
The economy is so bad that:CEO's are now playing miniature golf.  
The economy is so bad that:The Mafia is laying off judges 
The economy is so bad that: Motel Six won't leave the light on anymore.  
The economy is so bad that:Congress says they are looking into this Bernard Madoff scandal. Oh Great!! The guy who made $50 Billion disappear is being investigated by the people who made $1.5 Trillion disappear! 
The economy is so bad that:CEO's are now playing miniature golf.  
Women are the quickest to learn the three R’s.  This is R’s, that’s R’s, everything’s R’s.
Mrs. Kinsey was one of those women with a natural curiosity.  She had to know everything about everything. “How is it,” she asked the dentist one day, “that such little hole in my tooth feels so big to my tongue?”  “Well,” said the dentist, “you know how a woman’s tongue exaggerates.”
The man applied for a job with a chain food store.  “What is your experience with groceries?” asked the interviewer.  “Well,” said the applicant.  “I’m eating them all the time.”
The man applied for a job with a chain food store.  “What is your experience with groceries?” asked the interviewer.  “Well,” said the applicant.  “I’m eating them all the time.”
Mrs. Kinsey was one of those women with a natural curiosity.  She had to know everything about everything. “How is it,” she asked the dentist one day, “that such little hole in my tooth feels so big to my tongue?”  “Well,” said the dentist, “you know how a woman’s tongue exaggerates.”
Women are the quickest to learn the three R’s.  This is R’s, that’s R’s, everything’s R’s.
A philanthropist is a man who gives away what he should be giving back.
Talk is cheap….. if lawyers don’t do the talking.
After the examination the physician handed the patient a prescription and said, “Take this medicine after each meal.”  “But, Doc,” confessed the patient, “I have not eaten in four days.” “Fine,” said the doctor. “The medicine will last longer.”
It was the middle of the night.  Suddenly there was a loud rapping on the doctor’s door, followed by a groan.  The doctor angrily thrust his head out of the window.  “WELL?” he shouted. “No,” moaned the man.  “Sick.” 
An urgent call was put in for a plumber at noon but he didn’t arrive until 5 hours later.  “How is it?” he asked entering the house.  “Not so bad,” replied the home owner.  “While we were waiting for you to arrive I taught my wife how to swim.”
A philanthropist is a man who gives away what he should be giving back.
Talk is cheap….. if lawyers don’t do the talking.
An urgent call was put in for a plumber at noon but he didn’t arrive until 5 hours later.  “How is it?” he asked entering the house.  “Not so bad,” replied the home owner.  “While we were waiting for you to arrive I taught my wife how to swim.”
After the examination the physician handed the patient a prescription and said, “Take this medicine after each meal.”  “But, Doc,” confessed the patient, “I have not eaten in four days.” “Fine,” said the doctor. “The medicine will last longer.”
It was the middle of the night.  Suddenly there was a loud rapping on the doctor’s door, followed by a groan.  The doctor angrily thrust his head out of the window.  “WELL?” he shouted. “No,” moaned the man.  “Sick.” 
The teacher wrote on the blackboard, “I ain’t had no fun all summer.” “Now Paul,” she said. “What shall I do to correct this?” “Get a boy friend.” Paul replied.  
“Didn’t you suspect burglars had been in the house when you saw all the drawers pulled out and the contents scattered all over the floor?” asked the policeman. “No, I just thought my husband had been looking for a clean shirt,” replied the woman. 
The teacher wrote on the blackboard, “I ain’t had no fun all summer.” “Now Paul,” she said. “What shall I do to correct this?” “Get a boy friend.” Paul replied.  
“Didn’t you suspect burglars had been in the house when you saw all the drawers pulled out and the contents scattered all over the floor?” asked the policeman.  “No," began the wife, "I just thought my husband had been looking for a clean shirt.”
When Grandpa and Billy entered their vacation cabin, they kept the lights off until they were inside to keep from attracting insects. Still, a few fireflies followed them in. Noticing them before Grandpa did, Billy whispered, ‘It’s no use, Grandpa. The mosquitoes are coming after us with flashlights.’
A defendant was asked if he wanted a bench trial or a jury trial. “Jury trial,” the defendant replied.  “Do you understand the difference?” asked the judge.  “Sure,” replied the defendant.  “That’s where twelve ignorant people decide my fate instead of one.”
When Grandpa and Billy entered their vacation cabin, they kept the lights off until they were inside to keep from attracting insects. Still, a few fireflies followed them in. Noticing them before Grandpa did, Billy whispered, ‘It’s no use, Grandpa. The mosquitoes are coming after us with flashlights.’
Sally was trying hard to get the ketchup out of the bottle. During her struggle the phone rang so she asked her 5-year-old daughter to answer the phone.   “Mommy can’t come to the phone to talk to you right now.  She’s hitting the bottle.”
A nursery school driver was delivering a van full of kids home one day when a fire truck zoomed past.  Sitting in the front seat of the truck was a Dalmatian dog.  The children started discussing the dog’s duties.  "They use him to keep crowds back," said Tommy.  "No," said Billy, "he’s just for good luck."  Peter brought the argument to a close.  "They use the dogs," he said firmly, "to find the fire hydrants." 
A defendant was asked if he wanted a bench trial or a jury trial. “Jury trial,” the defendant replied.  “Do you understand the difference?” asked the judge.  “Sure,” replied the defendant.  “That’s where twelve ignorant people decide my fate instead of one.”
A lawyer phones the governor’s mansion shortly after midnight.  “I need to talk to the governor, it’s an emergency!” exclaims the lawyer.  The governor’s assistant wakes the governor and hands him the phone. “So, what is it that’s so important that it can’t wait until morning?” grumbles the governor.   “Judge Pierson just died, and I want to take his place,” begs the attorney.  “Well, it’s okay with me if it’s okay with the undertaker,” replies the governor.
The judge warned the witness, “Do you understand that you have sworn to tell the truth?”  “I do.” “Do you understand what will happen if you are not truthful?” “Sure,” said the witness.  “My side will win.”  
A little girl had just finished her first week of school.  “I’m just wasting my time,” she said to her mother.  “I can’t read, I can’t write and they won’t let me talk!”
Years ago someone in California hollered “Gold,” and people drove from all directions.  That’s the way they still drive in California.
A little girl had just finished her first week of school.  “I’m just wasting my time,” she said to her mother.  “I can’t read, I can’t write and they won’t let me talk!”
Years ago someone in California hollered “Gold,” and people drove from all directions.  That’s the way they still drive in California.
The judge warned the witness, “Do you understand that you have sworn to tell the truth?”  “I do.” “Do you understand what will happen if you are not truthful?” “Sure,” said the witness.  “My side will win.”  
A politician was walking home from the county courthouse the evening of Election Day when he came upon a young boy sitting on the curb, bawling his eyes out. "Why are you crying?" the politician asked. "My dad died," the boy replied. "That's terrible, when did it happen?" "Five years ago," the boy said. "Five years ago? And you are still this upset?" "It's not that," the boy said. "It's just that my dad voted today, but he didn't come to see me."
Two old-time political aides are walking through a shabby, overgrown cemetery, writing down names from the headstones. One of the men works very fast, stopping only by upright stones where he can read the names clearly. The other works deliberately, gone from one stone to the next, kneeling down and clearing away the grass and wiping away the grime in order to see the name clearly. "Why are you spending so much time doing that?" the first man asked. "I'll tell you," the second man said. "This is a free country with a Constitution and everything. Each one of the people has as much right as the next to cast his vote." 
A politician was walking home from the county courthouse the evening of Election Day when he came upon a young boy sitting on the curb, bawling his eyes out. "Why are you crying?" the politician asked. "My dad died," the boy replied. "That's terrible, when did it happen?" "Five years ago," the boy said. "Five years ago? And you are still this upset?" "It's not that," the boy said. "It's just that my dad voted today, but he didn't come to see me."
Two old-time political aides are walking through a shabby, overgrown cemetery, writing down names from the headstones. One of the men works very fast, stopping only by upright stones where he can read the names clearly. The other works deliberately, gone from one stone to the next, kneeling down and clearing away the grass and wiping away the grime in order to see the name clearly. "Why are you spending so much time doing that?" the first man asked. "I'll tell you," the second man said. "This is a free country with a Constitution and everything. Each one of the people has as much right as the next to cast his vote." 
An idiot called the airport for flight information. "How long is your flight from Los Angeles to Denver?” he asked. "Just a minute," the pleasant agent replied. "Thank You" he said and hung up.
"Whom would you like to invite for your upcoming wedding ceremony?" Father asked his son "All except you and mom" the Son replied "But why" Father angrily shouted "Had you bothered to invite me for your ceremony!" the Son pleaded. 
What are the 3 most dangerous sayings in the Navy???  1. An Ensign saying "I learned this at the Academy" 2. A Lieutenant saying "Based on my experience" 3. A Navy Chief saying "Hey, watch this" 
A man owned a very intelligent dog so, after a long period of time, taught him how to play poker.  The dog did very well and won a lot of pots until the owner had to pull him out of the games. “He realized that whenever the dog held a really good hand he wagged his tail.”
Sign on a door: "WARNING: Use door for entering and exiting only!"
Baba sent his brother a birthday cake, air mail.  He wanted him to get it while the candles were still burning.
The girl’s car couldn’t get started and traffic was tied up for blocks.  The light turned green, then yellow, then red.  “Whatsa madda, miss,” shouted the officer.  “Don’t you like any of our colors?”
He asked for a putter, then drove three hundred yards onto the green.  Then he asked for a driver and drove the ball to within two feet of the cup.  Then he asked for a niblick and got the ball into the cup.  “Now I’m in trouble,” he told the caddie. “Why?” “I don’t know what club to use to get it out.” 
Did you water the plants, Sofia, asked the mistress of the house? “Of course, ma’am,” Sofia said. “Don’t you hear the water dripping on the carpet?” 
The man lay on the couch telling his psychiatrist a sad tale.  “I see my brother, Doctor,” he said.  “He is walking down a long corridor, walking up fifteen steps in the green door.  There are lots of people standing around.  They’re bandaging his eyes – ooh – Doctor, Doctor what does it mean?”  “Well,” said the psychiatrist, “if they ain’t playing blind man’s bluff he’s in real trouble.
It was a disastrous year for the farmers.  The snow fell and fell until the government relief agency had to step in and lend a hand.  “It must have been terrible,” said the government man to a farmer.  “All that snow.”   “Could have been worse,” calmly answered the farmer.  “My neighbor had more snow than me.”  “How’s that?” asked the government man. “More land,” replied the farmer. 
Mary comes home rather late.  “Oh, sweetheart,” she called, “your car’s on Maple Street.”   “Why didn’t you bring it home?” her husband asked.  “Couldn’t, she said.  “It’s too dark out there to find all the parts.” 
His girlfriend had just learned to drive the car and now they were out in the suburbs racing along over seventy.  “Doesn’t speeding over the beautiful country make you glad you are alive?” she asked. “Glad?”  He raised an eyebrow.  “Glad in not the word for it. I’m amazed.” 
Tim asked Bob “What happened to your uncle’s boat?” “Ever notice that big rock at the entrance to the Golden Gate?” said Bob. “Yes, I have” replied Tim. “Well, he didn’t” said Bob.  
The drunk walking along the country road saw the duck hunter lying in the brush with the gun poised toward the direction of the high-flying flock in the distance.  “Shay, mishter,” advised the drunk.  “Don’t waisht a shot.  The fall’ll kill’em
The boozer took careful aim at the bird, but hit a frog.  He picked it up, studied it, scratched his head and said, “Well, anyhow I knocked its feathers off.”
Everybody should pay their taxes with a smile, said Bob. “I tried it but they wanted cash.”
“If you got guts.”  Sell your car and become a pedestrian.
The hottest cars travel faster than sound. You’ll be in the hospital before you even start the motor.
Mary comes home rather late.  “Oh, sweetheart,” she called, “your car’s on Maple Street.”   “Why didn’t you bring it home?” her husband asked.  “Couldn’t, she said.  “It’s too dark out there to find all the parts.” 
His girlfriend had just learned to drive the car and now they were out in the suburbs racing along over seventy.  “Doesn’t speeding over the beautiful country make you glad you are alive?” she asked. “Glad?”  He raised an eyebrow.  “Glad in not the word for it. I’m amazed.” 
Everybody should pay their taxes with a smile, said Bob. “I tried it but they wanted cash.”
“If you got guts.”  Sell your car and become a pedestrian.
The hottest cars travel faster than sound. You’ll be in the hospital before you even start the motor.
A man is being interviewed for a job.  “What are your qualifications for the job of night watchman?”  “The slightest noise wakes me up.”
Tim asked Bob “What happened to your uncle’s boat?” “Ever notice that big rock at the entrance to the Golden Gate?” said Bob. “Yes, I have” replied Tim. “Well, he didn’t” said Bob.  
The drunk walking along the country road saw the duck hunter lying in the brush with the gun poised toward the direction of the high-flying flock in the distance.  “Shay, mishter,” advised the drunk.  “Don’t waisht a shot.  The fall’ll kill’em
The boozer took careful aim at the bird, but hit a frog.  He picked it up, studied it, scratched his head and said, “Well, anyhow I knocked its feathers off.”
A man is being interviewed for a job.  “What are your qualifications for the job of night watchman?”  “The slightest noise wakes me up.”
He asked for a putter, then drove three hundred yards onto the green.  Then he asked for a driver and drove the ball to within two feet of the cup.  Then he asked for a niblick and got the ball into the cup.  “Now I’m in trouble,” he told the caddie. “Why?” “I don’t know what club to use to get it out.” 
Did you water the plants, Sofia, asked the mistress of the house? “Of course, ma’am,” Sofia said. “Don’t you hear the water dripping on the carpet?” 
It was a disastrous year for the farmers.  The snow fell and fell until the government relief agency had to step in and lend a hand.  “It must have been terrible,” said the government man to a farmer.  “All that snow.”   “Could have been worse,” calmly answered the farmer.  “My neighbor had more snow than me.”  “How’s that?” asked the government man. “More land,” replied the farmer. 
Baba sent his brother a birthday cake, air mail.  He wanted him to get it while the candles were still burning.
The girl’s car couldn’t get started and traffic was tied up for blocks.  The light turned green, then yellow, then red.  “Whatsa madda, miss,” shouted the officer.  “Don’t you like any of our colors?”
The man lay on the couch telling his psychiatrist a sad tale.  “I see my brother, Doctor,” he said.  “He is walking down a long corridor, walking up fifteen steps in the green door.  There are lots of people standing around.  They’re bandaging his eyes – ooh – Doctor, Doctor what does it mean?”  “Well,” said the psychiatrist, “if they ain’t playing blind man’s bluff he’s in real trouble.
A man shows up for his doctor's appointment with a piece of celery in each ear and a carrot in each of his nostrils. He says to the doctor, "Doc, I'm not feeling well." Whereupon the doctor replied," Perhaps you're not eating right."
Political Correctness as most of us realize is the biggest joke of the century.
Three vampires walk into a bar. The bartender looks at him suspiciously, but decides to serve them anyway. "What’ll be, boys?" The first vampire says "Blood. Give me blood." The second vampire says "I too wish for blood!" The third vampire says "Give me plasma." The Bartender smiles and says "Got it. Two bloods, and a blood-light." 
Three vampires walk into a bar. The bartender looks at him suspiciously, but decides to serve them anyway. "What’ll be, boys?" The first vampire says "Blood. Give me blood." The second vampire says "I too wish for blood!" The third vampire says "Give me plasma." The Bartender smiles and says "Got it. Two bloods, and a blood-light." 
A man shows up for his doctor's appointment with a piece of celery in each ear and a carrot in each of his nostrils. He says to the doctor, "Doc, I'm not feeling well." Whereupon the doctor replied," Perhaps you're not eating right."
Political Correctness as most of us realize is the biggest joke of the century.
Q: Why did the duck cross the road? A: Because the chicken retired and moved to Florida! 
A man put in 10 puns for a pun contest, hoping that at least one of them would win. But sadly, no pun in ten did. 
It's Christmas Eve and mom is busily preparing the last minute decorations in the family room when little Sally asks: "Mom, don't forget to put out the treat for Santa next to the fireplace."  The mom thanks Sally and goes to the kitchen for Santa's treat. Later, when putting her to bed Sally says. "Mom, why did you put a can of Slim-fast next to Santa's treat?"  Distracted and anxious to get back downstairs to finish the decorations mom replies. "Daddy is on a diet."
  This guy was serving a life sentence in solitary and he was about to go out of his mind, so one day he saw this little ant crawling across the floor. He thought I got the rest of my life, so I could train this little ant, at the same time give me something to do and relieve the stress. So he started teaching the little ant. Many years went by and with the help of courses and lessons he had got in the mail he taught the little ant all about law. The little ant got so good at his new trade that he got the man freed. When the papers heard his story they went wild. When he left the prison a bunch of scientist met him at the gate. He carried the little ant in a match box in his shirt pocket. He showed him to the scientist. They offered him thousands of dollars for the little ant, to use in their research. But he refused them saying “this little ant and I have been together for so long I could not part with him, it was he that got me out of prison" So they started on their way. "What would you like to do?" asked the man. “I would like to go to a bar like you told me so much about" answered the little ant. So off they went to find a bar. In the bar the man started drinking and would give the little ant a drop from time to time. So feeling good he started pestering the bartender. "Do you know who I am?" he asked the bartender, “No, I don't" said the bartender" "I'm the man the papers have been writing so much about." "Still don't know you" said the bartender and off he went. So he took the little ant out of the box and sat him on the bar. Calling the bartender over he said "You see that little ant there on the bar?” “I sure do," and with his thumb the bartender squashed the little and said "How the hell he got in here, I just exterminated the place yesterday! 
A man gets pulled over by the police for speeding. The cop walks up to the car and says to the driver, “Sir, did you know that you were going 60 miles an hour?" The driver says, "Officer, there is no way I could have been going 60 miles an hour!" The cop says, “Really! Why is that? The driver replies," I could not have been going 60 miles an hour because I've only been out driving for 25 minutes."
I was going to tell you the joke about the pencil, but there's really no point to it.
Two strands of DNA were walking down the street. One says to the other, "Do these genes make me look fat?
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac got together and got married in Loan Town, USA. And had a baby the banks called Foreclosure, and they lived unhappily ever after in their new economy life styles.
Q: What did the ghost say to the doctor? A: I have a boo boo 
A cannibal chief invited over another cannibal chief from a different tribe over for dinner. They sit down and eat the best meat. After dinner, the visiting cannibal chief said, "Wow that was good! Your wife makes the best meat." Then the other cannibal chief said, "Yeah, I'm gonna miss her..."
They say that married men live longest.  It's ironic, since they're the ones most willing to die.
A drunk was walking down the sidewalk with a limp. A man coming in the opposite direction notice that he only had one shoe on. The man said to the drunk, "hey buddy, what's the matter, lose a shoe"? The drunk replied, "Nah, found one".
There are four engineers traveling in a car; a mechanical engineer, a chemical engineer, an electrical engineer and a computer engineer. The car breaks down. “Sounds to me as if the pistons have seized. We’ll have to strip down the engine before we can get the car working again”, says the mechanical engineer. “Well”, says the chemical engineer, “it sounded to me as if the fuel might be contaminated. I think we should clear out the fuel system.” “I thought it might be a grounding problem”, says the electrical engineer, “or maybe a faulty plug lead.” They all turn to the computer engineer who has said nothing and say: “Well, what do you think?” “Ummm perhaps if we all get out of the car and get back in again?”
A woman sent her son to get a tin of beans from the store. The boy went and found nobody at the store except the shopkeeper who was up the ladder filling up his shelves. 'Give me a tin of beans for my mother,' said the boy. The keeper, from up there told him: 'Wait in the line.' The boy looked around and saw nobody so he said again: 'Give me a tin of beans for my mum.' The keeper said again: 'I told wait for your turn.' The boy asked for the third time for the tin of beans. 'Can you see how many people there are before you? I said wait for your turn!' The boy, who realizes he was being taken for ride, reached for a tin of peas from the lowest shelf and through it at the shopkeeper, hitting him in his forehead. The Shopkeeper came down bleeding all over and said to the boy: 'See what you have done? You broke my head.' 'Good grief, of all these people you picked up on me?' said the boy and ran away home. 
The young son of a family of three balloons was sufficiently small for him to sleep with his parents in their bed. The time came when he became too big to fit in the bed and his father told him to sleep in another bedroom. During the night the son was afraid and went back to his parents but could not fit. He undid the knot in his father balloon to make him smaller and thus create some space and then re-knotted it. This did not work and he did the same to the mother balloon, still no joy, so he did the same to himself and eventually managed to snuggle in. The next day the father saw his son and very angry he said, “Son you’ve let me down, your mother down and worst of all you've let yourself down.”
The young son of a family of three balloons was sufficiently small for him to sleep with his parents in their bed. The time came when he became too big to fit in the bed and his father told him to sleep in another bedroom. During the night the son was afraid and went back to his parents but could not fit. He undid the knot in his father balloon to make him smaller and thus create some space and then re-knotted it. This did not work and he did the same to the mother balloon, still no joy, so he did the same to himself and eventually managed to snuggle in. The next day the father saw his son and very angry he said, “Son you’ve let me down, your mother down and worst of all you've let yourself down.”
Larry was startled to see the nonchalant way Jason was taking the fact that his girlfriend was seen with another man.  “You said you loved her and yet you saw her with another man and you didn’t knock the guy down?” “I’m waiting.” “Waiting for what?” asked Larry “Waiting to catch her with a smaller feller.” 
Sam had just proposed marriage to the love of his life and she had turned him down.  “If you don’t marry me immediately,” he threatened, “I’ll go to the lake, cut a hole in the ice, dive in and drown myself.” “Why this is May.  The ice won’t cover the lake for eight months!” “O.K., then I’ll wait.” 
A noted heart surgeon was having a formal party. Shortly before the guests were to begin arriving he was told that all the bathrooms were backed up and not flushing. Quickly he called a 24 hour plumber listed in the phone book. The plumber arrived quickly and within 15 minutes told the surgeon that all was well. He gave his bill to the heart surgeon and the surgeon exclaimed, "$900! You were only here 15 minutes! I'm a heart surgeon and even I can't charge that much"!  The plumber quietly replied, “Neither could I when I was a heart surgeon".
A businessman finds that his neighbor in the first class cabin of his flight is a parrot. They take off and the flight attendant asks what they would like to drink. "Glenlivet on the rocks with a twist," says the parrot. The businessman orders a coke. After waiting two or three minutes, the bird starts yelling, "Where's my drink?! Stop fooling around and give me my drink!" The fight attendant runs to him with his glass, leaving the businessman still thirsty. Half an hour later the fight attendant makes a second round. The bird orders another Glenlivet and a Wall Street Journal. The businessman asks for another coke. Again, after a couple of minutes, the bird screams, squawking, "You lazy idiot! Where is my drink?!" The poor woman nearly trips over herself getting the parrot his drink and the newspaper. The businessman still has nothing, and after ten more minutes decides to take his cue from the bird. "Hey! Where's my coke! The service here stinks!" Out of nowhere the purser, the captain and two passengers grab the businessman and the bird, open the hatch and throw them out of the plane. At 30,000 feet in the air the two fall side by side and the parrot says to the terrified man, "Wow that took a lot of guts for a guy with no wings."  
A businessman finds that his neighbor in the first class cabin of his flight is a parrot. They take off and the flight attendant asks what they would like to drink. "Glenlivet on the rocks with a twist," says the parrot. The businessman orders a coke. After waiting two or three minutes, the bird starts yelling, "Where's my drink?! Stop fooling around and give me my drink!" The fight attendant runs to him with his glass, leaving the businessman still thirsty. Half an hour later the fight attendant makes a second round. The bird orders another Glenlivet and a Wall Street Journal. The businessman asks for another coke. Again, after a couple of minutes, the bird screams, squawking, "You lazy idiot! Where is my drink?!" The poor woman nearly trips over herself getting the parrot his drink and the newspaper. The businessman still has nothing, and after ten more minutes decides to take his cue from the bird. "Hey! Where's my coke! The service here stinks!" Out of nowhere the purser, the captain and two passengers grab the businessman and the bird, open the hatch and throw them out of the plane. At 30,000 feet in the air the two fall side by side and the parrot says to the terrified man, "Wow that took a lot of guts for a guy with no wings."  
A noted heart surgeon was having a formal party. Shortly before the guests were to begin arriving he was told that all the bathrooms were backed up and not flushing. Quickly he called a 24 hour plumber listed in the phone book. The plumber arrived quickly and within 15 minutes told the surgeon that all was well. He gave his bill to the heart surgeon and the surgeon exclaimed, "$900! You were only here 15 minutes! I'm a heart surgeon and even I can't charge that much"!  The plumber quietly replied, “Neither could I when I was a heart surgeon".
Larry was startled to see the nonchalant way Jason was taking the fact that his girlfriend was seen with another man.  “You said you loved her and yet you saw her with another man and you didn’t knock the guy down?” “I’m waiting.” “Waiting for what?” asked Larry “Waiting to catch her with a smaller feller.” 
Sam had just proposed marriage to the love of his life and she had turned him down.  “If you don’t marry me immediately,” he threatened, “I’ll go to the lake, cut a hole in the ice, dive in and drown myself.” “Why this is May.  The ice won’t cover the lake for eight months!” “O.K., then I’ll wait.” 
Two Musicians’ in a major symphonic orchestra were discussing who they thought the LEAST talented musician in the band was. One of them said; that’s easy. See that guy standing in the back?  Well, we just put two sticks in his hands and we call him a Drummer. The other responded; well, if we take one stick away, we call him a Conductor!
Q. What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? A. It's pasture bed time (past your)
In today's news...32 more planets were found outside of our solar system bringing the total to 400.  And..., not a sign of intelligent life, not even here.
A policeman parked his police van in from of the station, while gathering his equipment, his K-9 partner Tops was barking, and he saw a little boy staring in at him “Is that a dog you got back there?” he asked.  “It sure is,” the policeman replied.  Puzzle, the boy looked at him and towards the back of the van.   Finally he asked; “What did he do?” 
How did the violin greet the guitar?  Cello!!
A policeman parked his police van in from of the station, while gathering his equipment, his K-9 partner Tops was barking, and he saw a little boy staring in at him “Is that a dog you got back there?” he asked.  “It sure is,” the policeman replied.  Puzzle, the boy looked at him and towards the back of the van.   Finally he asked; “What did he do?” 
How did the violin greet the guitar?  Cello!!
Q: How do you get a Democrat to pay taxes? A: Give them "Change" and "Hope"
Q: How do you get a Democrat to pay taxes? A: Give them "Change" and "Hope"
Little Johnny “why is your homework in your Dads writing?” the teacher asks.  “I used his pen,” he replied. 
Q: Why was the computer so cold? A: Because it forgot to shut its window
Q: Why was the computer so cold? A: Because it forgot to shut its window
Little Johnny “why is your homework in your Dads writing?” the teacher asks.  “I used his pen,” he replied. 
 Three old ladies sit in a diner, discussing their health. One lady says, "You know, I'm getting really forgetful. This morning, I was standing at the top of the stairs, and I couldn't remember whether I had just come up or was about to go down." The second lady says, "You think that's bad? The other day, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I couldn't remember whether I was going to sleep or had just woken up!" The third lady smiles smugly. "Well, my memory is just as good as it's always been, knock on wood," she says as she raps on the table. Then with a startled look on her face, she asks, "Who's there?" 
Looking over the log book kept by the computer support staff at my office, I noticed several entries stating the problem was PICNIC.  I asked one of the technicians what PICNIC meant. He laughed as he told me it meant "Problem In Chair, Not In Computer"
At the start of the shift one of the police officers asks "Did you hear about the terrible head on collision on route 208 between a Thunderbird and a Mustang?  There was horse manure and feathers all over the road!"   The Chief came into headquarters a few minutes later.  Not being too fast on the uptake, he was asked the same question, followed by the same "Horse manure and feathers all over the road."   "Anybody hurt?" he asked. 
These bear hunters were sitting around the cabin the night before the hunt bragging about their passt hunts. The cabin boy was listening and went over and said "you guys make it seem pretty hard on capturing a bear". They all laughed and said "it is hard; do you think you could bag one"? "I can go out and bag you 2 if you will skin them, and I will bet each of you $100.00. They agreed and off he went out into the night. Soon he spotted a big grizzly; he waved his arm and started hollering the big bear started after him and he started running for the shack. When he got close to the shack he started yelling. "Open the door he yelled". They looked out and saw the bear chasing the boy. Just as he got to the door they opened it and he stepped aside and the bear went in. He slammed the door and locked it and shouted. "OK skin him I'll go and get the other one". 
While living in Denver the weatherman said, expect 10 to 12 inches of snow tonight so park on the right side of the road so we can plow the left side. Willie’s wife ran out and parked on the right side.  The next week the forecast called for another 10 to 12 inches of snow, but this time he said park on the left side. So Willie’s wife ran out and parked the car on the left side of the road. The following week he said 16 inches of snow expected park, the lights went out and all our power was lost.  Willie’s wife said, my goodness, now I don’t know where to park the car. “Why don’t you just leave it in the garage!” Willie said.
A man walks up to a cashier in a grocery store.  He says, "Hey, how much for these jalapeño peppers?"  He pronounces it "jo-la-pen-o", not "ho-lo-peen-yo".  The cashier says, "Sir, that's not what those peppers are called." The man replies, "Listen, buddy, this is America, and I can pronounce any word the way I please." The cashier responds, "That is as may be, sir, but those are green peppers." 
Mother asks little Johnny, as they wait for the bus, to tell the driver he is 4 years old when asked because he will ride for free. As they get into the bus the driver asks Johnny how old he was. "I am 4 years old". "And when will you be six years old?" asks the driver. “When I get off the bus" answers Johnny.
Mother asks little Johnny, as they wait for the bus, to tell the driver he is 4 years old when asked because he will ride for free. As they get into the bus the driver asks Johnny how old he was. "I am 4 years old". "And when will you be six years old?" asks the driver. “When I get off the bus" answers Johnny.
A Doctor was addressing a large audience in Tampa..  'The material we put into our stomachs is enough to have killed most of us sitting here, years ago. Red meat is awful.  Soft drinks corrode your stomach lining..  Chinese food is loaded with MSG.  High fat diets can be disastrous, and none of us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking water.  However, there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and we all have eaten, or will eat it. Can anyone here tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?'  After several seconds of quiet, a 75-year-old man in the front row raised his hand, and softly said, 'Wedding Cake.' 
Bob, a 70-year-old, extremely wealthy widower, shows up at the Country Club with a breathtakingly beautiful and very sexy 25-year-old blonde-haired woman who knocks everyone's socks off with her youthful sex appeal and charm and who hangs over Bob's arm and listens intently to his every word.  His buddies at the club are all aghast.  At the very first chance, they corner him and ask, 'Bob, how'd you get the trophy girlfriend?'  Bob replies, 'Girlfriend?  She's my wife!'  They are knocked over, but continue to ask.  'So, how'd you persuade her to marry you?'  'I lied about my age', Bob replies. 'What, did you tell her you were only 50?'  Bob smiles and says, 'No, I told her I was 90.'  
Groups of Americans were traveling by tour bus through Holland.  As they stopped at a cheese farm, a young guide led them through the process of cheese making, explaining that goat's milk was used.  She showed the group a lovely hillside where many goats were grazing.  'These' she explained, 'Are the older goats put out to pasture when they no longer produce.'  She then asked, 'What do you do in America with your old goats?'  A spry old gentleman answered, 'They send us on bus tours!  
Kathy goes to her local bank, walks into the manager’s office, and says, “I want a loan; I am going to divorce my husband.”  “Oh, we don’t give loans for divorces,” the manager says.  “We offer loans only for things like real estate, appliances, automobiles, businesses, and home improvement.”  Kathy interrupts:  “Stop right there.  This definitely falls into the category of ‘Home Improvement.’”
The boss was concerned that his employees weren’t giving him enough respect, so he tried and old fashioned method of persuasion.   He brought in a sign that said, “I’m the Boss!” and taped it to his door.  After lunch, he noticed someone had taped another note under his. It read: “Your wife called. She wants her sign back!”
Kathy goes to her local bank, walks into the manager’s office, and says, “I want a loan; I am going to divorce my husband.”  “Oh, we don’t give loans for divorces,” the manager says.  “We offer loans only for things like real estate, appliances, automobiles, businesses, and home improvement.”  Kathy interrupts:  “Stop right there.  This definitely falls into the category of ‘Home Improvement.’”
A Doctor was addressing a large audience in Tampa..  'The material we put into our stomachs is enough to have killed most of us sitting here, years ago. Red meat is awful.  Soft drinks corrode your stomach lining..  Chinese food is loaded with MSG.  High fat diets can be disastrous, and none of us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking water.  However, there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and we all have eaten, or will eat it. Can anyone here tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?'  After several seconds of quiet, a 75-year-old man in the front row raised his hand, and softly said, 'Wedding Cake.' 
Bob, a 70-year-old, extremely wealthy widower, shows up at the Country Club with a breathtakingly beautiful and very sexy 25-year-old blonde-haired woman who knocks everyone's socks off with her youthful sex appeal and charm and who hangs over Bob's arm and listens intently to his every word.  His buddies at the club are all aghast.  At the very first chance, they corner him and ask, 'Bob, how'd you get the trophy girlfriend?'  Bob replies, 'Girlfriend?  She's my wife!'  They are knocked over, but continue to ask.  'So, how'd you persuade her to marry you?'  'I lied about my age', Bob replies. 'What, did you tell her you were only 50?'  Bob smiles and says, 'No, I told her I was 90.'  
Groups of Americans were traveling by tour bus through Holland.  As they stopped at a cheese farm, a young guide led them through the process of cheese making, explaining that goat's milk was used.  She showed the group a lovely hillside where many goats were grazing.  'These' she explained, 'Are the older goats put out to pasture when they no longer produce.'  She then asked, 'What do you do in America with your old goats?'  A spry old gentleman answered, 'They send us on bus tours!  
Two old ladies, Mary and Martha met in the town, "Mary, how was the weather on your week's holiday". "Oh not so bad it only rained twice, Once for four days and once for three"
The Lone Ranger and Tonto were riding across the desert when a line of mounted Indians appeared to the right of them.  They looked to the left and saw another line of mounted Indians.  Behind them they saw another line of mounted Indians. The Lone Ranger said, "Looks like we're in trouble, Tonto."  Tonto replied, "What do you mean WE, white man?" 
A mother and a daughter are visiting a deceased family member in a graveyard. On the way out the daughter asks why they bury two people in one grave. The mother asks her daughter why she says that and the daughter replies, "Well, that gravestone says 'Here lays a lawyer and an honest man.'"
Mr. White and his wife went for a gathering. At commencement of the program, the MC said the people were going to be grouped into two. He said "those whose wives' are the head of the family move to the left-hand side of the auditorium, while those whose husbands are the head of the family should move to the right". Mr. White asked his wife "Honey, which group should we move to?"
Little Johnny came downstairs bellowing lustily.  His mother asked, “What’s the matter now?”  “Dad was hanging pictures, and just hit his thumb with a hammer,” said Johnny through his tears.  “That’s not so serious,” soothed his mother.  “I know you are upset, but a big boy like you shouldn’t cry at something like that.  Why didn’t you laugh?”  “I did!” sobbed Johnny.
A school teacher injured his back and had to wear a plaster cast around the upper part of his body.  It fit under his shirt and was not noticeable at all.  On the first day of the term, still with the cast under his shirt, he found himself assigned to the toughest students in school. Walking confidently into the rowdy classroom, he opened the window as wide as possible and then busied himself with desk work.  When a strong breeze made his tie flap, he took the desk stapler and stapled the tie to his chest.  He had no trouble with discipline that term.
A school teacher injured his back and had to wear a plaster cast around the upper part of his body.  It fit under his shirt and was not noticeable at all.  On the first day of the term, still with the cast under his shirt, he found himself assigned to the toughest students in school. Walking confidently into the rowdy classroom, he opened the window as wide as possible and then busied himself with desk work.  When a strong breeze made his tie flap, he took the desk stapler and stapled the tie to his chest.  He had no trouble with discipline that term.
Little Johnny came downstairs bellowing lustily.  His mother asked, “What’s the matter now?”  “Dad was hanging pictures, and just hit his thumb with a hammer,” said Johnny through his tears.  “That’s not so serious,” soothed his mother.  “I know you are upset, but a big boy like you shouldn’t cry at something like that.  Why didn’t you laugh?”  “I did!” sobbed Johnny.
A husband, the owner of a new car, was somewhat reluctant to allow his wife to drive his prize possession…even to the Supermarket which was a few blocks from the house.  After she insisted, he finally relented, cautioning her as she departed, “Remember, if you have an accident, the newspaper will print your age!”
Three small kids were bragging about how tough they were. “I’m so tough”, said the first little boy, “that I can wear out a pair of shoes in a week.” The second little boy said, “I’m so tough, I can wear out a pair of jeans in a day.”  “That’s nothing”, said the third child.  “When my parents take me to see my Grandma and Grandpa, I can wear them out in an hour."
Two kids were deciding what game to play.  One said, “Let’s play doctor.”  “Good idea,” said the other.  “You operate, and I’ll sue.” 
A kindergarten teacher asked: “What is the shape of the earth?” After a pause a little girl spoke up: “According to my Daddy…terrible!”  
A mother mouse and her three children crept out of their hole into the kitchen and began feasting on some delicious bits of food.  Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Mother Mouse saw a cat slinking toward them.  The cat was between the mice and their hole.  The mother muse puffed up her lungs and went, “Woof! Woof!” The cat turned tail and ran.  With that, the mother quickly led her children back to safety in their hole.  When they were settle and breathing normally, Mother Mouse said to her children. “Now, what’s the lesson from that experience?” “We don’t know,” the baby mice squeaked. “It is this,” said Mother Mouse.  “It’s always good to know a second language.”
A mother mouse and her three children crept out of their hole into the kitchen and began feasting on some delicious bits of food.  Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Mother Mouse saw a cat slinking toward them.  The cat was between the mice and their hole.  The mother muse puffed up her lungs and went, “Woof! Woof!” The cat turned tail and ran.  With that, the mother quickly led her children back to safety in their hole.  When they were settle and breathing normally, Mother Mouse said to her children. “Now, what’s the lesson from that experience?” “We don’t know,” the baby mice squeaked. “It is this,” said Mother Mouse.  “It’s always good to know a second language.”
Two confirmed bachelors sat talking, their conversation drifted from politics to cooking. “I got a cookbook once,” said one, “but I could never do anything with it.”  “Too much fancy work in it, eh?” asked the other. “You said it. Every one of the recipes began the same way – Take a clean dish.”   
Two confirmed bachelors sat talking, their conversation drifted from politics to cooking. “I got a cookbook once,” said one, “but I could never do anything with it.”  “Too much fancy work in it, eh?” asked the other. “You said it. Every one of the recipes began the same way – Take a clean dish.”   
Trying to come to the aid of his Dad, who was stopped by an officer for speeding, the mischievous child piped up, “Yeah? Well, if we were speeding, so were you!”
Vicky was at a business conference.  During a break, she decided to call home collect.  Her six-year-old son picked up the phone and heard a stranger’s voice say, “We have Vicky on the line.  Will you accept the charges?”  Frantic, the six-year-old dropped the receiver and came charging outside screaming, “Dad! They have Mom! And they want money!”
A caller dial the operator: Can you give me the telephone number for Jack? The operator says I’m sorry, sir, I do not understand.  The caller continues, on page 1 section 5, of the user guide it clearly states that I need to unplug the fax machine from the AC wall socket and telephone jack before cleaning.  “Now, can you give the number for Jack?
A husband, the owner of a new car, was somewhat reluctant to allow his wife to drive his prize possession…even to the Supermarket which was a few blocks from the house.  After she insisted, he finally relented, cautioning her as she departed, “Remember, if you have an accident, the newspaper will print your age!”
After her conviction of murder in the second degree, the District Attorney, during her sentencing hearing said, “Mrs. Grey – after you put the arsenic in the stew and served it to your husband, didn’t you feel even a little remorse for what you were doing?”  “I did,” she said calmly. “And when was that?”  quipped   the D.A. “When he asked for seconds!” she replied.
An attorney ran over to the office of his client.  “I can’t believe it!” said the angered attorney.  “You sent a case of Dom Perignon to the judge in our case?  That judge is as straight as an arrow.  Now we’re certain to lose this case!”  “Relax,” said the client, “I sent it in the prosecutor’s name.”
After her conviction of murder in the second degree, the District Attorney, during her sentencing hearing said, “Mrs. Grey – after you put the arsenic in the stew and served it to your husband, didn’t you feel even a little remorse for what you were doing?”  “I did,” she said calmly. “And when was that?”  quipped   the D.A. “When he asked for seconds!” she replied.
Mary goes to her first show at an art gallery and is looking at the paintings.  One is a huge canvas that has black with yellow blobs of paint splattered all over it.  The next painting is a murky gray color that has drips of purple paint streaked across it.  Mary walks over to the artist and says, “I don’t understand your paintings.” “I paint what I feel inside me,” explains the artist. “Have you ever tried Alka-Seltzer?” 
Three small kids were bragging about how tough they were. “I’m so tough”, said the first little boy, “that I can wear out a pair of shoes in a week.” The second little boy said, “I’m so tough, I can wear out a pair of jeans in a day.”  “That’s nothing”, said the third child.  “When my parents take me to see my Grandma and Grandpa, I can wear them out in an hour."
Two kids were deciding what game to play.  One said, “Let’s play doctor.”  “Good idea,” said the other.  “You operate, and I’ll sue.” 
A kindergarten teacher asked: “What is the shape of the earth?” After a pause a little girl spoke up: “According to my Daddy…terrible!”  
Trying to come to the aid of his Dad, who was stopped by an officer for speeding, the mischievous child piped up, “Yeah? Well, if we were speeding, so were you!”
Vicky was at a business conference.  During a break, she decided to call home collect.  Her six-year-old son picked up the phone and heard a stranger’s voice say, “We have Vicky on the line.  Will you accept the charges?”  Frantic, the six-year-old dropped the receiver and came charging outside screaming, “Dad! They have Mom! And they want money!”
A caller dial the operator: Can you give me the telephone number for Jack? The operator says I’m sorry, sir, I do not understand.  The caller continues, on page 1 section 5, of the user guide it clearly states that I need to unplug the fax machine from the AC wall socket and telephone jack before cleaning.  “Now, can you give the number for Jack?
Mary goes to her first show at an art gallery and is looking at the paintings.  One is a huge canvas that has black with yellow blobs of paint splattered all over it.  The next painting is a murky gray color that has drips of purple paint streaked across it.  Mary walks over to the artist and says, “I don’t understand your paintings.” “I paint what I feel inside me,” explains the artist. “Have you ever tried Alka-Seltzer?” 
An attorney ran over to the office of his client.  “I can’t believe it!” said the angered attorney.  “You sent a case of Dom Perignon to the judge in our case?  That judge is as straight as an arrow.  Now we’re certain to lose this case!”  “Relax,” said the client, “I sent it in the prosecutor’s name.”
A lady was picking through the frozen turkeys at the supermarket, but couldn’t find one big enough for her family.  She asked a stock boy, “Do these turkeys get any bigger?”   The stock boy replied, “No ma’am, they’re dead.”
If you had purchased $1,000 of AIG stock one year ago, you would have $42 left. With Lehman, you would have $6.60 left.  With Fannie or Freddie, you would have less than $5 left  But if you had purchased $1,000 worth of beer one year ago, drank all of the beer, then turn in the cans for the aluminum recycling Refund, you would have had $214.  Based on the above, the best current investment advice is to drink heavily and recycle.  It’s called the 401-Keg…..
A Doctor at a health conference said “The material we put into our stomachs is enough to have killed most of us sitting here, years ago.  Red meat is awful.  Soft drinks corrode your stomach lining.  Chinese food is loaded with MSG.  High fat diets can be destructive, and none of us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking water.  But there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and we all have, or will, eat it.  Can anyone here tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?”  After several seconds of silence, a 70-year-old man sitting in the front row raised his hand, and softly said, “Wedding Cake.”
All eyes were on the radiant bride as her father escorted her down the aisle.  They reached the altar and the waiting groom.  The bride kissed her father and placed something in his hand.  The guest sitting in the front pews responded with ripples of laughter.  Even the priest smiled broadly. As her father gave her away in marriage, the bride gave him back his credit card.
If you had purchased $1,000 of AIG stock one year ago, you would have $42 left. With Lehman, you would have $6.60 left.  With Fannie or Freddie, you would have less than $5 left  But if you had purchased $1,000 worth of beer one year ago, drank all of the beer, then turn in the cans for the aluminum recycling Refund, you would have had $214.  Based on the above, the best current investment advice is to drink heavily and recycle.  It’s called the 401-Keg…..
A Doctor at a health conference said “The material we put into our stomachs is enough to have killed most of us sitting here, years ago.  Red meat is awful.  Soft drinks corrode your stomach lining.  Chinese food is loaded with MSG.  High fat diets can be destructive, and none of us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking water.  But there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and we all have, or will, eat it.  Can anyone here tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?”  After several seconds of silence, a 70-year-old man sitting in the front row raised his hand, and softly said, “Wedding Cake.”
All eyes were on the radiant bride as her father escorted her down the aisle.  They reached the altar and the waiting groom.  The bride kissed her father and placed something in his hand.  The guest sitting in the front pews responded with ripples of laughter.  Even the priest smiled broadly. As her father gave her away in marriage, the bride gave him back his credit card.
Joe was a single guy living at home with his father and working in the family business.  When he found out he was going to inherit a fortune when his sick father died, he decided he needed a wife with whom to share his fortune. One evening at an investment seminar he spotted the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.  Her beauty took his breath away.  “I may look like just an ordinary man,” he said to her, “but in just a few years, my father will pass, and I’ll inherit his large fortune.” Impress, the woman took his business card and three months later, she became Joe’s stepmother. Women are so much better at estate planning than men!! 
A couple was at the mall and his wife decided to buy something for their daughter-in-law at an exclusive lingerie shop.  Inside, the husband was feeling very out of place when a beautiful clerk asked if she could help him.  In a cocky manner, he asked, “Where are all the men’s clothes?”  In a demure voice the clerk replied, “All of these clothes are for men, sir.”
Joe was a single guy living at home with his father and working in the family business.  When he found out he was going to inherit a fortune when his sick father died, he decided he needed a wife with whom to share his fortune. One evening at an investment seminar he spotted the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.  Her beauty took his breath away.  “I may look like just an ordinary man,” he said to her, “but in just a few years, my father will pass, and I’ll inherit his large fortune.” Impress, the woman took his business card and three months later, she became Joe’s stepmother. Women are so much better at estate planning than men!! 
A couple was at the mall and his wife decided to buy something for their daughter-in-law at an exclusive lingerie shop.  Inside, the husband was feeling very out of place when a beautiful clerk asked if she could help him.  In a cocky manner, he asked, “Where are all the men’s clothes?”  In a demure voice the clerk replied, “All of these clothes are for men, sir.”
While attending a Marriage seminar dealing with communication, Jack and his wife, Barb, listened to the instructor.  “It is essential that husbands and wives know the things that are important to each other.”  He addressed the man, “can you describe your wife’s favorite flower?”  Jack leaned over, touched his wife’s arm gently and whispered, “Its Pillsbury isn’t it?”
A man is at work one day when he notices that his co-worker is wearing an earring.  This man knows his co-worker to be a normally, conservative fellow, and is curious about his sudden change in “fashion sense.”  The man walks up to him and says, “I didn’t know you were into earring.” “Don’t make a big deal, it’s only an earring,” he replies sheepishly.  His friend falls silent for a few minutes, but then his curiosity prods him to say, “So, how long have you been wearing one?”  “Ever since my wife found it in my truck.” 
While attending a Marriage seminar dealing with communication, Jack and his wife, Barb, listened to the instructor.  “It is essential that husbands and wives know the things that are important to each other.”  He addressed the man, “can you describe your wife’s favorite flower?”  Jack leaned over, touched his wife’s arm gently and whispered, “Its Pillsbury isn’t it?”
A man is at work one day when he notices that his co-worker is wearing an earring.  This man knows his co-worker to be a normally, conservative fellow, and is curious about his sudden change in “fashion sense.”  The man walks up to him and says, “I didn’t know you were into earring.” “Don’t make a big deal, it’s only an earring,” he replies sheepishly.  His friend falls silent for a few minutes, but then his curiosity prods him to say, “So, how long have you been wearing one?”  “Ever since my wife found it in my truck.” 
Doctor my son swallowed my pen, what do I do? Use a pencil until I get there. 
Doctor, Doctor I think I am suffering from De-ja vu. Didn't I see you yesterday? 
Doctor, Doctor I think I need glasses. You certainly do, sir, this is a fish and chip shop!  
After 20-years of marriage the wife starts complaining to her husband that he does not love her anymore and she begs him to seek advice from her friend the local parish priest.  Obliging he went, afterwards he arrives home, lifts her off her feet and carries her from one room to the other, surprised she exclaims oh! How much you love me? What did the priest tell you?  Well he told me to carry my cross and that is you!!
The economy is getting so bad; the other day my ATM gave me an IOU.
After 20-years of marriage the wife starts complaining to her husband that he does not love her anymore and she begs him to seek advice from her friend the local parish priest.  Obliging he went, afterwards he arrives home, lifts her off her feet and carries her from one room to the other, surprised she exclaims oh! How much you love me? What did the priest tell you?  Well he told me to carry my cross and that is you!!
Doctor my son swallowed my pen, what do I do? Use a pencil until I get there. 
Doctor, Doctor I think I am suffering from De-ja vu. Didn't I see you yesterday? 
Doctor, Doctor I think I need glasses. You certainly do, sir, this is a fish and chip shop!  
7 ways to annoy a flight attendant...    1- Bring your pet on the plane and then act like an animal.  2- Shove your bag into the first bin you see and then walk to your seat in the back of the plane.  3- Think that because you’re on a plane you’re of duty as a parent.  4- Drag on an oversize bag that's too heavy to lift by your self.  5- Gripe that you haven't been seated in the roomy exit row seat.  6- Act like you don't know the meaning of the words "under the seat in front of you".  7- Whine about the high cost of flying... 
A lawyer who was upset at the verdict that was handed down to his client at the end of the case said. “Your honor with all due respect I accept your ruling. But if it may please the Court sir I'd like to know just WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE!
A man is walking down the street. He sees a beautiful woman coming toward him. She's walking a dog. As she comes nearer, he finds he can't take his eyes off the dog...she gets within ten feet of him, and he says, "Excuse me, lady, but I couldn't help noticing...your dog has no nose...how does he smell?"  "Awful!" She replied 
A court appointed lawyer was defending this idiot in lower court. The judge found him guilty, and said 30 days and $30.00. The lawyer said “what do you want to do?” Not having much education the idiot said, “Let’s peal it up stairs” The lawyer said “your honor we appeal this case up to a higher court” When they got in the higher court the judge said 60 days and $60.00. What do you want to do now, he asked the idiot? Let’s peal it back down stairs. 
Over a remote Scottish island a helicopter lost power and was forced to make an emergency landing.  Luckily there was a small cottage nearby.  The pilot walked over to it and knocked on the door.  “Is there a mechanic in the area?” he asked the woman who answered the door.  She scratched her head and thought for a few seconds. “No,” she finally said, pointing down the road, “but we do have a McArdle and a McKay.”  
Over a remote Scottish island a helicopter lost power and was forced to make an emergency landing.  Luckily there was a small cottage nearby.  The pilot walked over to it and knocked on the door.  “Is there a mechanic in the area?” he asked the woman who answered the door.  She scratched her head and thought for a few seconds. “No,” she finally said, pointing down the road, “but we do have a McArdle and a McKay.”  
A Swiss man, looking for directions, pulls up at a bus stop where two Americans are waiting.   “Entschuldigung, koennen Sie Deutsch sprechen?” he asks.  The two Americans just stare at him.    “Excusez-moi, parlez vous Fracais?” he tries.  The two continue to stare.    “Parlare Italiano?” No response.   “Hablan ustedes Espanol?”  Still nothing.  The Swiss guy drives off, extremely frustrated.  The first American turns to the second and says, “You know, maybe we should learn a foreign language.”    “Why?” says the other. “That guy knew four languages, and it didn’t do him any good.”    
An Israeli doctor says: "Medicine in my country is so advanced that we can take a kidney out of one man, put it in another, and have him looking for work in 6 weeks." A British doctor says: "That is nothing; we can take a lung out of one person, put it in another, and have him looking for work in 4 weeks." A Canadian doctor says: "In my country, medicine is so advanced that we can take half a heart out of one person, put it in another, and have them both looking for work in 2 weeks." A Nigerian doctor, not to be outdone, says: "You guys are way behind...... We just took a man with NO brain, made him President, and now the whole country is looking for work.
A dog went to a telegram office, took out a blank form and wrote: "Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof." The clerk examined the paper and politely told the dog, "There are only nine words here. You could send another 'Woof' for the same price." The dog replied, "But that would make no sense at all!" 
This yokel was applying for a job and was being asked the normal questions; Name, age, sex, address, etc. The interviewer asks him for his father’s name and his mother’s maiden name. What do you mean maiden name? The yokel asked. What was your mother’s name before she was married? None he replied, what do you mean none? Because I didn't have a mother before she was married. 
A man being interviewed for a job was asked his name. My name is Morris M. Morris he replied. What does the M stand for? Nothing he replied they just stuck it in to break the monotony. 
A man receives a call from his Credit Card Company, “Sir, we have detected an unusual pattern of spending on your card, and we are calling to see if everything is alright.” “Yes,” replied the man. “My card was stolen over a month ago.” “Why didn’t you report your card as stolen?” asked the card company representative. The man replied, “Well, whoever stole my card is spending a lot less than my wife!” 
Q. Why did the elephant cross the road? A. Because it was the chicken's day off!                                                                                        
A Police officer approached a motorist stopped in the middle of the road before the river overpass holding up traffic. The officer noticed the driver jotting on a notebook frantically. He asked the driver, what in the world are you doing? The driver replied, "The sign says Draw Bridge".
Two ducks were out on a lake, one was feeling happy and the other one was feeling upset. When the one duck asked the other duck: "How was your anger therapy session?" the other duck replied: "He said I was in need of another session." The duck asked "Did you say anything to him to make him think that?" The other one said "All I said was that he was a quack."
When they asked the two monocles why they never got together, they said they'd like to, but didn't want to make spectacles of themselves.
Sam: Dad, would you do my math homework for me? Dad: No, son, it wouldn’t be right. Sam: Well, at least you could try. 
Little Sue was standing in front of her mirror with her eyes closed. “Why are you standing there with your eyes closed?” asked her sister. “So I can see what I look like when I’m asleep,” she replied. 
You see, Doctor, “I’m always dizzy for half an hour after I get up in the morning,” said Carla. “Well, try getting up half an hour later,” said the doctor. 
After the telephone was installed in her home, the lady called the operator. “My telephone cord is too long,” she said.  “Would you please pull it a little from your end?” 
Patty met Eric and said; that’s a nice suit you are wearing. Eric: Oh, do you like it?  Patty: Yes, who went for the fitting? 
The income tax expert was visiting the school to talk about taxes. “I’m going to tell you now about “indirect” taxes.  Can anybody tell me what an indirect tax is?” “A dog license,” said Smart Josh. “And why is that?” asked the expert. “The dog doesn’t pay it,” replied Josh.  
After the telephone was installed in her home, the lady called the operator. “My telephone cord is too long,” she said.  “Would you please pull it a little from your end?” 
Patty met Eric and said; that’s a nice suit you are wearing. Eric: Oh, do you like it?  Patty: Yes, who went for the fitting? 
Sam: Dad, would you do my math homework for me? Dad: No, son, it wouldn’t be right. Sam: Well, at least you could try. 
Little Sue was standing in front of her mirror with her eyes closed. “Why are you standing there with your eyes closed?” asked her sister. “So I can see what I look like when I’m asleep,” she replied. 
You see, Doctor, “I’m always dizzy for half an hour after I get up in the morning,” said Carla. “Well, try getting up half an hour later,” said the doctor. 
The income tax expert was visiting the school to talk about taxes. “I’m going to tell you now about “indirect” taxes.  Can anybody tell me what an indirect tax is?” “A dog license,” said Smart Josh. “And why is that?” asked the expert. “The dog doesn’t pay it,” replied Josh.  
The prison officer tells the warden, “Sir, I have to report that ten prisoners have broken out.” The alarmed warden says, “Blow the whistles, sound the alarms, alert the police. With a surprised look the officer says, “Shouldn’t we call the doctor first – it looks as if it might be measles. 
Mr. Briggs looked towards his secretary who was absorbed in painting her fingernails. “Miss Smith,” he said, “I’d like to compliment you on your work- but when are you going to do any?” 
Mr. Briggs looked towards his secretary who was absorbed in painting her fingernails. “Miss Smith,” he said, “I’d like to compliment you on your work- but when are you going to do any?” 
The prison officer tells the warden, “Sir, I have to report that ten prisoners have broken out.” The alarmed warden says, “Blow the whistles, sound the alarms, alert the police. With a surprised look the officer says, “Shouldn’t we call the doctor first – it looks as if it might be measles. 
Two convicts were sitting on their cot in a jail cell. One says to the other, "I hear you’re getting out in a few days. Tell me something are you going straight, or are you going back into politics?"
Two convicts were sitting on their cot in a jail cell. One says to the other, "I hear you’re getting out in a few days. Tell me something are you going straight, or are you going back into politics?"
A man is recovering from surgery when the Surgical Nurse appears and asks him how he is feeling.  "I'm O. K. but I didn't like the four letter-words the doctor used in surgery," he answered.  "What did he say," asked the nurse.  "Oops!"   
What do cannibals call athletes? Fast food!
A doctor examining a woman who had been rushed to the Emergency Room, took the husband aside, and said, "I don't like the looks of your wife at all.”  "Me neither doc," said the husband. "But she's a great cook and really good with the kids."  
What do cannibals call athletes? Fast food!
A doctor examining a woman who had been rushed to the Emergency Room, took the husband aside, and said, "I don't like the looks of your wife at all.”  "Me neither doc," said the husband. "But she's a great cook and really good with the kids."  
A man is recovering from surgery when the Surgical Nurse appears and asks him how he is feeling.  "I'm O. K. but I didn't like the four letter-words the doctor used in surgery," he answered.  "What did he say," asked the nurse.  "Oops!"   
“Doctor, I keep thinking I’m a goat.”  “How long have you had this feeling?”  “Ever since I was a kid.” 
Doctor:  I’m sorry to have to tell you that you may have rabies, and it could prove fatal. Patient:  Well, doctor, please give me pencil and paper. Doctor: To make your will?  Patient: No, to make a list of people I want to bite. 
Doctor, you were right when you said you’d have me on my feet and walking in no time. That’s good John; when did you start walking? When I got your bill doctor, I had to sell my car to pay it. 
Little Peter was taking his new puppy for a walk when a policeman stopped him. “Has your dog got a license?”  The policeman asked.  “Oh, no,” answered Peter. “He’s not old enough to drive.” 
A man came back to the dealer from whom he bought a new car. “I believe you gave me a guarantee with my car,” he said.  “That’s right, sir,” the salesman answered.  “We will replace anything that breaks.” “Fine, I need a new garage door.” 
A drunk guy approaches a cute girl in a singles bar.  “Hi Babe, how about a date? He says.  “Don’t waste your time.  I never go out with a perfect stranger.” “It seems we are both in luck.  I’m far from perfect.” 
Goofy Fred took a friend driving on a narrow mountain road.  After a while the friend said, “I feel very scared whenever you go around one of those sharp bends.” “Then do what I do,” said Fred, “close your eyes.” 
Teacher:  Why do we sometimes call the Middle Ages the Dark Ages? Peter: Because they had so many knights. 
A guy walks into a bar and there is a horse serving drinks.  The guy stares until the horse finally says, “What’s the problem?  Haven’t you ever seen a horse serving drinks before?” The guy says, “No, it’s not that.  It is just that I never thought the ferret would sell the place.” 
Pam found an old family Bible in the attic.  When she opened it, a large pressed leaf fell out.  “Aha!” she said, “Adam must have left his clothes here.”
Visiting the modern art museum, a lady turned to an attendant standing nearby. “This,” she said, “I suppose, is one of those hideous representations you call modern art?” “No, madam,” replied the attendant. “That one’s called a mirror.” 
Sergeant (to new recruit): What were you before you joined the army? New Recruit:  Happy, Sergeant. 
A Spanish man wants to buy a soda from the soda machine. He puts in some change. The machine says "DIME". The man tells the machine "Yo quiero Pepsi!"
“I’d like to order a bar pizza,” the idiot says. “Shall I ask them to cut it into six or twelve slices,” the barmaid asks. “Six, please.  I could never eat twelve pieces.” 
An idiot guy walks up to the door of a bar, rolling a wheel along with him.  The bouncer says, “Hey, what are you doing with that?” “Last time I came here, they said we had to have proper IDs and a tire.”  
I’m going to buy a farm two miles long and half inch wide said Jed. What, would you grow on a farm that size, asked Roger. Spaghetti, said Jed. 
Visiting the modern art museum, a lady turned to an attendant standing nearby. “This,” she said, “I suppose, is one of those hideous representations you call modern art?” “No, madam,” replied the attendant. “That one’s called a mirror.” 
Pam found an old family Bible in the attic.  When she opened it, a large pressed leaf fell out.  “Aha!” she said, “Adam must have left his clothes here.”
A Spanish man wants to buy a soda from the soda machine. He puts in some change. The machine says "DIME". The man tells the machine "Yo quiero Pepsi!"
Teacher:  Why do we sometimes call the Middle Ages the Dark Ages? Peter: Because they had so many knights. 
A drunk guy approaches a cute girl in a singles bar.  “Hi Babe, how about a date? He says.  “Don’t waste your time.  I never go out with a perfect stranger.” “It seems we are both in luck.  I’m far from perfect.” 
Goofy Fred took a friend driving on a narrow mountain road.  After a while the friend said, “I feel very scared whenever you go around one of those sharp bends.” “Then do what I do,” said Fred, “close your eyes.” 
A guide was showing Niagara-Falls to a man from Texas and said; I’ll bet you don’t have anything like this in Texas. The Texan said; nope, but in Texas we have plumbers who can fix it. 
A man came back to the dealer from whom he bought a new car. “I believe you gave me a guarantee with my car,” he said.  “That’s right, sir,” the salesman answered.  “We will replace anything that breaks.” “Fine, I need a new garage door.” 
A drunk guy approaches a cute girl in a singles bar.  “Hi Babe, how about a date? He says.  “Don’t waste your time.  I never go out with a perfect stranger.” “It seems we are both in luck.  I’m far from perfect.” 
Goofy Fred took a friend driving on a narrow mountain road.  After a while the friend said, “I feel very scared whenever you go around one of those sharp bends.” “Then do what I do,” said Fred, “close your eyes.” 
A guide was showing Niagara-Falls to a man from Texas and said; I’ll bet you don’t have anything like this in Texas. The Texan said; nope, but in Texas we have plumbers who can fix it. 
A man came back to the dealer from whom he bought a new car. “I believe you gave me a guarantee with my car,” he said.  “That’s right, sir,” the salesman answered.  “We will replace anything that breaks.” “Fine, I need a new garage door.” 
It was mealtime during  an airline flight.  'Would you like dinner?'  the  flight attendant asked John, seated in front.  'What are my choices?'   Greg asked.   'Yes or no,' she  replied.  
It was mealtime during  an airline flight.  'Would you like dinner?'  the  flight attendant asked John, seated in front.  'What are my choices?'   Greg asked.   'Yes or no,' she  replied.  
Did you hear about the man who divorced his wife for using four letter words??? Find Work!!!!!
Did you hear about the man who divorced his wife for using four letter words??? Find Work!!!!!
Little Peter was taking his new puppy for a walk when a policeman stopped him. “Has your dog got a license?”  The policeman asked.  “Oh, no,” answered Peter. “He’s not old enough to drive.” 
“I’d like to order a bar pizza,” the idiot says. “Shall I ask them to cut it into six or twelve slices,” the barmaid asks. “Six, please.  I could never eat twelve pieces.” 
An idiot guy walks up to the door of a bar, rolling a wheel along with him.  The bouncer says, “Hey, what are you doing with that?” “Last time I came here, they said we had to have proper IDs and a tire.”  
I’m going to buy a farm two miles long and half inch wide said Jed. What, would you grow on a farm that size, asked Roger. Spaghetti, said Jed. 
Sergeant (to new recruit): What were you before you joined the army? New Recruit:  Happy, Sergeant. 
Doctor:  I’m sorry to have to tell you that you may have rabies, and it could prove fatal. Patient:  Well, doctor, please give me pencil and paper. Doctor: To make your will?  Patient: No, to make a list of people I want to bite. 
Doctor, you were right when you said you’d have me on my feet and walking in no time. That’s good John; when did you start walking? When I got your bill doctor, I had to sell my car to pay it. 
A guy walks into a bar and there is a horse serving drinks.  The guy stares until the horse finally says, “What’s the problem?  Haven’t you ever seen a horse serving drinks before?” The guy says, “No, it’s not that.  It is just that I never thought the ferret would sell the place.” 
A dog was chasing a neighboring cat around the block. The dog soon had the cat flattened. What did the cat say...?  Me-Owww!!!
 Q: What does every woman call an intelligent, attractive, caring, loving and sensitive man?   A: A dream.
Banta's son: Dad there is some one at the door to collect donations for a swimming pool. Banta: Give him a glass of water. 
A newsboy was standing on the corner with a stack of papers, yelling, "Read all about it; Fifty people swindled!”  Fifty people swindled! Curios, a man walked over, bought a paper, and said, "Hey kid, this is an old paper, where’s the story about the big swindle?” The newsboy ignored him and went on calling out, "read all about it; Fifty-one people swindled!”
A painter accepted the task of painting a church steeple.  He had 10 gallons of white paint. Half way down the steeple he had already used 6.5 gallons.  He made sure no one was looking and then diluted the remaining paint with paint thinner.   He finished the job, cleaned his brush and rollers, and looked up to see that there were two distinct colors of white on the steeple.  "Oh, no!" he exclaimed, "What can I do now?"  A clap of thunder roared above him, and a booming voice was heard saying, "Repaint! And stop your thinning!" 
Once upon a time, there was a cat that died. When she got to heaven, God asked her how she liked being on earth. She told the Lord that it was awful, that she had to sleep in cold black alleys, where there was no food and life was hard. God told her that he was sorry it had had turned out that way but that here in heaven, she would be happy and He would give her the most comfortable, warm pillow to sleep on. The cat lay down upon the pillow and was happy.   A few days later, about a dozen mice that came to heaven together and God asked them how they had liked earth. The earth was no better for them than it was the cat. They explained to God that it was tough and exhausting and their feet were worn out from always running from cats and dogs and people. God felt bad for the mice and decided to give them roller skates.   One day God saw the cat again and asked her how she liked heaven. She explained that it was absolutely wonderful. The pillow He gave her was the most comfortable place that she had ever slept on, but even better than the pillow was the meals on wheels.   
“How did school go today? a mother asked her little boy. “Fine”, the little fellow replied. “We had a new teacher and she wanted to know if I had any brothers and I told her I was an only child”. What did she say?” his mother asked. “The teacher said, “Thank goodness”
“How did school go today? a mother asked her little boy. “Fine”, the little fellow replied. “We had a new teacher and she wanted to know if I had any brothers and I told her I was an only child”. What did she say?” his mother asked. “The teacher said, “Thank goodness”
How do you clear an Iraqi Bingo parlor? Yell “B52”  
A man had two goldfish,  he named one of them "One" and the other "Two" he did this because..  if one died, he'd still have two
What's the difference between a flea-bitten dog and a bored visitor? One's going to itch; the other's itching to go!
What did the idiot do with the flea in his ear? He shot it!  What do you call the flea that lives in the idiot's ear? The space invader!
Q: Q: What do dolphins and men have in common? A: They say that they're intelligent but no one's been able to prove that. 
Q: Q: What do dolphins and men have in common? A: They say that they're intelligent but no one's been able to prove that. 
When visiting South Africa, Daniel the Englishman asked a South African the question: "Why is it that some South Africans say 'Ja' (pronounced as "ya") while others say 'Yes' if they have the same meanings?" "Clever people say 'Yes' while stupid people say 'Ja'," was his reply. "So, are you clever?" asked Daniel. "Ja," replied the South African.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Two, but you've got to get them in there first.
Why was the glowworm unhappy? Because her children were not very bright!
What did the Pacific Ocean say to the Atlantic Ocean? Nothing; It just waved.
A man had two goldfish,  he named one of them "One" and the other "Two" he did this because..  if one died, he'd still have two
What's the difference between a flea-bitten dog and a bored visitor? One's going to itch; the other's itching to go!
When visiting South Africa, Daniel the Englishman asked a South African the question: "Why is it that some South Africans say 'Ja' (pronounced as "ya") while others say 'Yes' if they have the same meanings?" "Clever people say 'Yes' while stupid people say 'Ja'," was his reply. "So, are you clever?" asked Daniel. "Ja," replied the South African.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Two, but you've got to get them in there first.
How do you clear an Iraqi Bingo parlor? Yell “B52”  
Three sisters, ages 92, 94, and 96, live together.  One night the 96-year-0ld draws a bath.  She puts one foot in and pauses.  "Was I getting in the tub or out?" she yells.     The 94-year-old hollers back, "I don't know, I'll come up to see."  She starts up the stairs and stops. She shouts, "Was I going up or going down?"   The 92-year-old is sitting at the kitchen table having tea, listening to her sisters.  She shakes her head and says, "I sure hope I never get that forgetful", and knocks on wood for good measure.  Then she yells, "I'll come up and help both of you as soon as I see who's at the door." 
What did the idiot do with the flea in his ear? He shot it!  What do you call the flea that lives in the idiot's ear? The space invader!
Why was the glowworm unhappy? Because her children were not very bright!
Three young boys were boasting about their grandpas. The first boy said: "My grandpa is a great swimmer. He can swim for hours before getting out of the water!" The second boy said, "That's nothing. My grandpa always goes swimming at 6:00 in the morning every day, and only comes back at 9:00 pm because my mom says he has to!" The third boy says, "Your grandpas are both bad at swimming! My grandpa started swimming in this pond 20 years ago, and he hasn't come out since!!!"
A man goes to the doctors and asks why he's been feeling ill. The doctor examines him and replies "I'm sorry to tell you, you've got the disease known as Yellow 24." "What's that?” the man asks. "It means your internal organs have started turning yellow - you've got 24 hours to live". The man goes home and tells his wife the bad news. His wife says "Well, will you come to bingo with me tonight then?  Otherwise you'll never be able to." The man agrees so he and his wife go to the bingo. He finds that he's won the one-line and £10. He begins to think this isn't such a bad day after all. Twenty minutes later, he's won the full house and £150. He enters the lucky draw, worth £500, and wins that too. The bingo caller calls him up on stage. He says "I don't believe it, mate. You've won three competitions in a total of £660 in one night. You must be the luckiest man on the earth!" The man says "Well, no, I'm not. I've got Yellow 24." The bingo caller looks down at the piece of paper he's holding and starts clapping. "I don't believe it; he's won the raffle as well!" 
CEO -- Chief Embezzlement Officer.   CFO -- Corporate Fraud Officer.   BULL MARKET -- A random market movement causing an investor to mistake himself for a financial genius.   VALUE INVESTING -- The art of buying low and selling lower.   P/E RATIO -- The percentage of investors wetting their pants as the  market keeps crashing.   BROKER -- What my broker has made me.   STANDARD & POOR -- Your life in a nutshell.   STOCK ANALYST -- Idiot who just downgraded your stock.   STOCK SPLIT -- When your ex-wife and her lawyer split your assets  equally between themselves.   FINANCIAL PLANNER -- A guy whose phone has been disconnected.   MARKET CORRECTION -- The day after you buy stocks.   CASH FLOW-- The movement your money makes as it disappears down the toilet.   YAHOO -- What you yell after selling it to some poor sucker for $240 per share.   WINDOWS -- What you jump out of when you're the sucker who bought  Yahoo @ $240 per share.   INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR -- Past year investor who's now locked up in a nuthouse.   PROFIT -- An archaic word no longer in use.  
CEO -- Chief Embezzlement Officer.   CFO -- Corporate Fraud Officer.   BULL MARKET -- A random market movement causing an investor to mistake himself for a financial genius.   VALUE INVESTING -- The art of buying low and selling lower.   P/E RATIO -- The percentage of investors wetting their pants as the  market keeps crashing.   BROKER -- What my broker has made me.   STANDARD & POOR -- Your life in a nutshell.   STOCK ANALYST -- Idiot who just downgraded your stock.   STOCK SPLIT -- When your ex-wife and her lawyer split your assets  equally between themselves.   FINANCIAL PLANNER -- A guy whose phone has been disconnected.   MARKET CORRECTION -- The day after you buy stocks.   CASH FLOW-- The movement your money makes as it disappears down the toilet.   YAHOO -- What you yell after selling it to some poor sucker for $240 per share.   WINDOWS -- What you jump out of when you're the sucker who bought  Yahoo @ $240 per share.   INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR -- Past year investor who's now locked up in a nuthouse.   PROFIT -- An archaic word no longer in use.  
Dolphins are so intelligent that within a few weeks of captivity they can train a man to stand on the edge of their pool and throw them fish three times a day.
Billy and Tommy were watching a boat pull a man on skis across the lake.  “What makes that boat go so fast?” asked little Billy. It’s because that man on the string is chasing it,” said Tommy.  
After the dance, young Charles asked the young girl if he could see her home – so she showed him a picture of it.
Dolphins are so intelligent that within a few weeks of captivity they can train a man to stand on the edge of their pool and throw them fish three times a day.
Billy and Tommy were watching a boat pull a man on skis across the lake.  “What makes that boat go so fast?” asked little Billy. It’s because that man on the string is chasing it,” said Tommy.  
After the dance, young Charles asked the young girl if he could see her home – so she showed him a picture of it.
Little Johnny watched, fascinated, as his mother smoothed cold cream on her face. 'Why do you do that, mommy?' he asked. 'To make myself beautiful,' said his mother, who then began removing the cream with a tissue.  'What's the matter?' asked Little Johnny. 'Giving up?' 
The math teacher saw that little Johnny wasn't paying attention in class. She called on him and said, 'Johnny! What are 2 and 4 and 28 and 44? ‘Little Johnny quickly replied, 'NBC, FOX, ESPN and the Cartoon Network!' 
Little Johnny's kindergarten class was on a field trip to their local police station where they saw pictures tacked to a bulletin board of the 10 most wanted criminals. One of the youngsters pointed to a picture and asked if it really was the photo of a wanted person.  'Yes,' said the policeman. 'The detectives want very badly to capture him. 'Little Johnny asked, 'Why didn't you keep him when you took his picture?’ 
A woman at a department store ask a clerk: Will you help me out, please? “Certainly, just go through that door” replied the clerk.  
The teacher says, “I wish you’d pay a little attention Mary.” “I am paying as little as I can Mrs. Bell,” said Mary. 
Billy and John were given a toboggan for their birthday.  After they had been out playing in the snow, Billy was in tears. “Now, John,” said his father, “I told you to let Billy use the toboggan half the time.” “And I did,” said Billy; “I had it going down, and he had it going up.” 
Larry tells Harry: When I grow up, I am going to be a policeman and follow in my father’s footsteps. I did not know your father was a policeman, said Harry. He is not …. He is a burglar replied Larry. 
At a traffic court, the judge asked the motorist: Tell me, why did you park your car here? The man said: “Well, there was a sign that said “fine for parking.” 
A drunk stumbles up to a woman in a bar and says “Hey baby, how about coming back to my place for a nightcap?   “That’ll be the day!” she says ”Well, howzabout having dinner with me tomorrow night then?” “That’ll be the day!” she says “Okay, why don’t we take my corporate jet and spend the weekend in Rome?” “This’ll be the day.” She says 
A woman at a department store ask a clerk: Will you help me out, please? “Certainly, just go through that door” replied the clerk.  
At a traffic court, the judge asked the motorist: Tell me, why did you park your car here? The man said: “Well, there was a sign that said “fine for parking.” 
Billy and John were given a toboggan for their birthday.  After they had been out playing in the snow, Billy was in tears. “Now, John,” said his father, “I told you to let Billy use the toboggan half the time.” “And I did,” said Billy; “I had it going down, and he had it going up.” 
Larry tells Harry: When I grow up, I am going to be a policeman and follow in my father’s footsteps. I did not know your father was a policeman, said Harry. He is not …. He is a burglar replied Larry. 
A drunk stumbles up to a woman in a bar and says “Hey baby, how about coming back to my place for a nightcap?   “That’ll be the day!” she says ”Well, howzabout having dinner with me tomorrow night then?” “That’ll be the day!” she says “Okay, why don’t we take my corporate jet and spend the weekend in Rome?” “This’ll be the day.” She says 
The teacher says, “I wish you’d pay a little attention Mary.” “I am paying as little as I can Mrs. Bell,” said Mary. 
While walking down the street one day a US senator is tragically hit by a truck and dies. His soul arrives in heaven and is met by St. Peter at the entrance. ‘Welcome to heaven,' says St. Peter. 'Before you settle in, it seems there is a problem. We seldom see a high official around these parts, you see, so we're not sure what to do with you. ‘No problem, just let me in,' says the man. ‘Well, I'd like to, but I have orders from higher up. What we'll do is have you spend one day in hell and one in heaven. Then you can choose where to spend eternity. ‘Really, I've made up my mind. I want to be in heaven,' says the senator. ‘I’m sorry, but we have our rules. ‘And with that, St.Peter escorts him to the elevator and he goes down, down, down to hell. The doors open and he finds himself in the middle of a green golf course. In the distance is a clubhouse and standing in front of it are all his friends and other politicians who had worked with him. Everyone is very happy and in evening dress. They run to greet him, shake his hand, and reminisce about the good times they had while getting rich at the expense of the people. They play a friendly game of golf and then dine on lobster, caviar and champagne. Also present is the devil, who really is a very friendly & nice guy who has a good time dancing and telling jokes. They are having such a good time that before he realizes it, it is time to go. Everyone gives him a hearty farewell and waves while the elevator raises...The elevator goes up, up, up and the door reopens on heaven where St. Peter is waiting for him. ‘Now it's time to visit heaven. ‘So, 24 hours pass with the senator joining a group of contented souls moving from cloud to cloud, playing the harp and singing. They have a good time and, before he realizes it, the 24 hours have gone by and St. Peter returns. ‘Well, then, you've spent a day in hell and another in heaven. Now choose your eternity. ‘The senator reflects for a minute, then he answers: 'Well, I would never have said it before, I mean heaven has been delightful, but I think I would be better off in hell. ‘So St. Peter escorts him to the elevator and he goes down, down, down to hell. Now the doors of the elevator open and he's in the middle of a barren land covered with waste and garbage. He sees all his friends, dressed in rags, picking up the trash and putting it in bags as more trash falls from above. The devil comes over to him and puts his arm around his shoulder. 'I don't understand,' stammers the senator. 'Yesterday I was here and there was a golf course and clubhouse, and we ate lobster and caviar, drank champagne, and danced and had a great time. Now there's just a wasteland full of garbage and my friends look miserable. What happened? ‘The devil looks at him, smiles and says, 'Yesterday we were campaigning....Today you voted.'    
While walking down the street one day a US senator is tragically hit by a truck and dies. His soul arrives in heaven and is met by St. Peter at the entrance. ‘Welcome to heaven,' says St. Peter. 'Before you settle in, it seems there is a problem. We seldom see a high official around these parts, you see, so we're not sure what to do with you. ‘No problem, just let me in,' says the man. ‘Well, I'd like to, but I have orders from higher up. What we'll do is have you spend one day in hell and one in heaven. Then you can choose where to spend eternity. ‘Really, I've made up my mind. I want to be in heaven,' says the senator. ‘I’m sorry, but we have our rules. ‘And with that, St.Peter escorts him to the elevator and he goes down, down, down to hell. The doors open and he finds himself in the middle of a green golf course. In the distance is a clubhouse and standing in front of it are all his friends and other politicians who had worked with him. Everyone is very happy and in evening dress. They run to greet him, shake his hand, and reminisce about the good times they had while getting rich at the expense of the people. They play a friendly game of golf and then dine on lobster, caviar and champagne. Also present is the devil, who really is a very friendly & nice guy who has a good time dancing and telling jokes. They are having such a good time that before he realizes it, it is time to go. Everyone gives him a hearty farewell and waves while the elevator raises...The elevator goes up, up, up and the door reopens on heaven where St. Peter is waiting for him. ‘Now it's time to visit heaven. ‘So, 24 hours pass with the senator joining a group of contented souls moving from cloud to cloud, playing the harp and singing. They have a good time and, before he realizes it, the 24 hours have gone by and St. Peter returns. ‘Well, then, you've spent a day in hell and another in heaven. Now choose your eternity. ‘The senator reflects for a minute, then he answers: 'Well, I would never have said it before, I mean heaven has been delightful, but I think I would be better off in hell. ‘So St. Peter escorts him to the elevator and he goes down, down, down to hell. Now the doors of the elevator open and he's in the middle of a barren land covered with waste and garbage. He sees all his friends, dressed in rags, picking up the trash and putting it in bags as more trash falls from above. The devil comes over to him and puts his arm around his shoulder. 'I don't understand,' stammers the senator. 'Yesterday I was here and there was a golf course and clubhouse, and we ate lobster and caviar, drank champagne, and danced and had a great time. Now there's just a wasteland full of garbage and my friends look miserable. What happened? ‘The devil looks at him, smiles and says, 'Yesterday we were campaigning....Today you voted.'    
The teacher asks:  Now, Susan, how may fingers have you? Susan: Ten. Teacher:  Right.  Now if you lost four of them, what would you have? Susan: No more piano lessons. 
The teacher asked the class to define “Pedestrian” Tom raises his hand and says: “A person who can be easily reach by car.” 
Sign in a Police Station:  It takes about 3500 bolts to put a car together; but only one nut to scatter it all over the road.
John asks:  Why are you drinking so much? Joe says: Because I donated my body to science, and I am preserving it until they are ready to use it. 
“Is your new horse well-behaved Charles?” “Oh, yes Phil.  When we come to a fence, he stops and lets me go over first.” 
Bob tells Fred: My wife drives me to drink. Fred comments: You’re lucky. I have to walk. 
The mailperson rings the doorbell and as says:  I have a parcel here, but the name on its obliterated. Smiths says: Can’t be for me, then. My name is Smiths. 
Little Johnny was raking leaves with his Dad who was telling him about how the fairies turned the leaves brown.  He looked up puzzled and said: Dad haven’t you ever heard of photosynthesis?”
In Sunday school little Kathy was drawing a Nativity picture…. There were Mary and Joseph, shepherds and wise men.  “What’s that in the corner Kathy?” asked the teacher. “That’s their TV, of course,” replied Kathy. 
Sign in a Police Station:  It takes about 3500 bolts to put a car together; but only one nut to scatter it all over the road.
The teacher asks:  Now, Susan, how may fingers have you? Susan: Ten. Teacher:  Right.  Now if you lost four of them, what would you have? Susan: No more piano lessons. 
The teacher asked the class to define “Pedestrian” Tom raises his hand and says: “A person who can be easily reach by car.” 
Bob tells Fred: My wife drives me to drink. Fred comments: You’re lucky. I have to walk. 
“Is your new horse well-behaved Charles?” “Oh, yes Phil.  When we come to a fence, he stops and lets me go over first.” 
Little Johnny was raking leaves with his Dad who was telling him about how the fairies turned the leaves brown.  He looked up puzzled and said: Dad haven’t you ever heard of photosynthesis?”
In Sunday school little Kathy was drawing a Nativity picture…. There were Mary and Joseph, shepherds and wise men.  “What’s that in the corner Kathy?” asked the teacher. “That’s their TV, of course,” replied Kathy. 
The mailperson rings the doorbell and as says:  I have a parcel here, but the name on its obliterated. Smiths says: Can’t be for me, then. My name is Smiths. 
John asks:  Why are you drinking so much? Joe says: Because I donated my body to science, and I am preserving it until they are ready to use it. 
The wife saw her husband frustrated reading the Marriage Certificate from top to bottom, flip it over, and then read it again... She asked:" Honey, what are you looking for?" He answered:" Nothing dear, I’m just looking for the expiration date for this paper..."   
A very loud Texan Engineer was visiting Australia, and talking big about all of the large civil works in the USA that he was involved in. To be polite his Australian counterpart took him on a tour of some of Sydney’s larger constructions.  First he took him to Gladesville Bridge. The Texan exclaimed, "What’s that!” In reply the Australian said, "Thats the Gladesville Bridge".  "Hmmph" said the Texan, "How long and how many men did it take to build?” The Australian replied, "About 5 years with 1000 men."  The Texan replied, "Well in Texas we would've done it in 2 years with 500 men."  Next they went to the Sydney Opera House. "What's that" said the Texan. "That's the Sydney Opera House" was the reply.  "Hmmph" said the Texan, "How long and how many men did it take to build?” The Australian replied, "About 10 years with 200 men". The Texan replied "Well in Texas we would've done it in 4 years with 200 men."  By this stage the Australian was a little put out by the Texan's attitude so he decided to get some revenge, they walked around the Sydney Opera House and as they did the Sydney Harbor Bridge came into view.  Immediately the Texan exclaimed, "Wow! What's that?" The Australian Engineer replied, "I don't know, it wasn't there yesterday." 
A little boy asked his dad for a dollar to give to a little old lady in the park.  His father impress by his son’s kindness, gave him the dollar.  “There you are my son,” said the father.  “But, tell me, isn’t the little lady able to work any more?  “She sells candy” was the boy’s reply.
A little boy asked his dad for a dollar to give to a little old lady in the park.  His father impress by his son’s kindness, gave him the dollar.  “There you are my son,” said the father.  “But, tell me, isn’t the little lady able to work any more?  “She sells candy” was the boy’s reply.
A debt-overwhelmed man, hopelessly poring over a pile of bills, suddenly shouted “I’d give a thousand dollars to anyone who would do my worrying for me!” “You’re on,” said his wife.  “Where is the thousand?” “That is your first worry,” he replied.  
“Is there anything wrong?” asked bartender of the young, well-dressed customer who sat staring grimly into his drink.  “Two months ago my grandfather died and left me one- hundred thousand dollars” said the man.  “That doesn’t sound like anything to be upset about,” said the bartender.  “It should happen to me.”  “Yeah,” said the sour young man, “but last month an uncle on my father’s side passed away.  He left me ninety-five thousand dollars.”  “So why are you sitting here looking so unhappy?” Asked the bartender.  “This month – so far – not a cent.”
An inebriated man and his drunken friend were sitting at a bar. “Do you know what time it is?”  Asked the drunk. “Sure,” said the man “Thanks,” said the drunk. 
An elderly woman was brought to the ER with a fractured hip.  The ER doctor knew that surgery would be in order for the patient.  “Have you ever undergone surgery?” he asked. “Yes,” the woman said.  “Remember what type of surgery was it?”  “I’m not sure,” the old lady said.  “It was a long time ago.”  The physician noticed a scar on the right side of the woman’s abdomen.  He pointed to the scar.  “Is this where you had the surgery?” he asked.  “No,” said the woman.  “It was in Brooklyn.” 
A new nurse at a hospital was perplexed by Dr. Smith’s behavior.  Off and on throughout her shift Dr. Smith would run up and down the hallway, yelling, “Tetanus, measles, flu”!  Very curious, the nurse asked the head nurse, “Why does Dr. Smith keep doing that?”  “Oh, just ignore him,” the head nurse said.   ”He thinks he calls all the shots around here.” 
A woman who had thrown a dinner party, at which raw oysters, curried lamb, and steamed mussels were all served, met her physician on the street the following day.  “I’m sorry you weren’t able to come to my party last night,” she said.  “You are so busy these days, and I think it would have done you some good to have been there.” “Your party has done me good,” he said.  “I’ve just seen five of your dinner guests.” 
There are more important things than money, but they won’t date you if you don’t have any
A man who says he’ll go through anything for a woman usually has her bank account in mind.
Many a young man is looking for an older woman with a strong will – made out to him
An elegantly dressed woman entered the business office and approached an executive. “Sir,” said the lady, “I am soliciting funds for the welfare and rehabilitation of wayward women.  Would you care to donate?’  “Sorry,” replied the exec, “but I contribute directly.”! 
The latest reports from the Internal Revenue service shows that it has streamlined its tax form this year. It goes like this: A.	How much did you make last year? B.	How much do you have left? C.	Send B. 
A debt-overwhelmed man, hopelessly poring over a pile of bills, suddenly shouted “I’d give a thousand dollars to anyone who would do my worrying for me!” “You’re on,” said his wife.  “Where is the thousand?” “That is your first worry,” he replied.  
“Is there anything wrong?” asked bartender of the young, well-dressed customer who sat staring grimly into his drink.  “Two months ago my grandfather died and left me one- hundred thousand dollars” said the man.  “That doesn’t sound like anything to be upset about,” said the bartender.  “It should happen to me.”  “Yeah,” said the sour young man, “but last month an uncle on my father’s side passed away.  He left me ninety-five thousand dollars.”  “So why are you sitting here looking so unhappy?” Asked the bartender.  “This month – so far – not a cent.”
An inebriated man and his drunken friend were sitting at a bar. “Do you know what time it is?”  Asked the drunk. “Sure,” said the man “Thanks,” said the drunk. 
An elegantly dressed woman entered the business office and approached an executive. “Sir,” said the lady, “I am soliciting funds for the welfare and rehabilitation of wayward women.  Would you care to donate?’  “Sorry,” replied the exec, “but I contribute directly.”! 
The latest reports from the Internal Revenue service shows that it has streamlined its tax form this year. It goes like this: A.	How much did you make last year? B.	How much do you have left? C.	Send B. 
Three lunatics are attempting to escape from a mental hospital. The first one passes the guard, makes the sound of a cat, and continues.    The second one does exactly the same, meowing like a cat, and gets out, too.  The third then passes near the guard and yells, “I’m a cat too!”
An elderly woman was brought to the ER with a fractured hip.  The ER doctor knew that surgery would be in order for the patient.  “Have you ever undergone surgery?” he asked. “Yes,” the woman said.  “Remember what type of surgery was it?”  “I’m not sure,” the old lady said.  “It was a long time ago.”  The physician noticed a scar on the right side of the woman’s abdomen.  He pointed to the scar.  “Is this where you had the surgery?” he asked.  “No,” said the woman.  “It was in Brooklyn.” 
A new nurse at a hospital was perplexed by Dr. Smith’s behavior.  Off and on throughout her shift Dr. Smith would run up and down the hallway, yelling, “Tetanus, measles, flu”!  Very curious, the nurse asked the head nurse, “Why does Dr. Smith keep doing that?”  “Oh, just ignore him,” the head nurse said.   ”He thinks he calls all the shots around here.” 
A woman who had thrown a dinner party, at which raw oysters, curried lamb, and steamed mussels were all served, met her physician on the street the following day.  “I’m sorry you weren’t able to come to my party last night,” she said.  “You are so busy these days, and I think it would have done you some good to have been there.” “Your party has done me good,” he said.  “I’ve just seen five of your dinner guests.” 
There are more important things than money, but they won’t date you if you don’t have any
A man who says he’ll go through anything for a woman usually has her bank account in mind.
Many a young man is looking for an older woman with a strong will – made out to him
Two gold fish are in a tank one says to the other "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
A small plane was carrying three passengers over a mountain range -- an old man, his grandson, and an eminent scientist. Suddenly, the pilot burst into the cabin saying, "The engines have all failed! Grab a parachute and jump from the plane!"  With this, the pilot opened the cabin door and leapt out with his parachute. To their dismay, the 3 passengers discovered only 2 parachutes were left in the cabin! The Eminent Scientist took a pack, saying, "I'm sorry you two, but I won a Nobel Prize, I am the head of several intellectual Think Tanks -- honestly, I'm worth more to society than either of you."  The Eminent Scientist leapt from the plane. The Old Man turned to his grandson and said, "My dear boy, take the last parachute. I've had a good life. Yours has just begun."  "Don't worry, Grandpa," said the young boy, "that guy just jumped out the plane with my backpack."
The undertaker called the next of kin to confirm the funeral arrangements desired for the dear departed.  As luck would have it the son-in-law who was actually delighted to be red of the old battle-ax answered the phone.  “We’re sorry to disturb you in this time of personal grief,” the undertaker uttered solemnly, “but appears to be some confusion as to whether the body of the loved one is to be buried or cremated.” “Let’s not take any chances,”  “Do both” said the son-in-law. 
“Your wife will hit the ceiling when you get home tonight,” said the barfly to his drinking buddy.  “Yeah,” said his buddy.  “She’s a lousy shot!”
A couple is traveling on the Kansas Turnpike resisting 40 to 50 mph crosswinds.  At the tollbooth, the husband asks the attendant; “What do you people do in Kansas when the wind stops?”  The attendant didn’t miss a beat when he answered, “We take the rocks out of our pockets.”
The president of a movie-studio who was not exactly noted for his knowledge of the English language received a well written story titled “The Optimist.”  After reading the manuscript, he called a gathering of the most creative minds and announced, “Gentlemen, we got us a great story here, but I want all of you to think of something simpler for a title.  There ain’t many people will know the technical term for eye doctor.”
"I have traveled just about all over the world."  "Wow, you must know geography well?"  "Oh yes, I spent 2 months there!" 
Simple Joe who is mad for the horses thought he had a sure winner the other day at the track.  The tote board listed his horse as starting at 25 to 1, and he knew the race didn’t start until 1:00 p.m.
A third-grade child was asked by his teacher to spell “straight.”  The boy did so without error. “Now,” said the teacher, “what does it mean?” “Without water” was his reply. 
The humble little accountant had his suspicion.  One day he left the office early and, sure enough, at home he found a strange hat and umbrella in the hallway and sitting in the living room in the arms of another man was his wife.  Wild for revenge, the husband picked up the man’s umbrella and snapped it in two across his knee.  “There!” he said.  “Now I hope it rains!” 
Maurice was known among his friend for the promptness with which he sent his ex-wife her alimony payment each month.  When asked the reason for his rush, he shivered and explained, “I’m afraid that if I ever should fall behind in my payments she might decide to repossess me.”
The undertaker called the next of kin to confirm the funeral arrangements desired for the dear departed.  As luck would have it the son-in-law who was actually delighted to be red of the old battle-ax answered the phone.  “We’re sorry to disturb you in this time of personal grief,” the undertaker uttered solemnly, “but appears to be some confusion as to whether the body of the loved one is to be buried or cremated.” “Let’s not take any chances,”  “Do both” said the son-in-law. 
“Your wife will hit the ceiling when you get home tonight,” said the barfly to his drinking buddy.  “Yeah,” said his buddy.  “She’s a lousy shot!”
The humble little accountant had his suspicion.  One day he left the office early and, sure enough, at home he found a strange hat and umbrella in the hallway and sitting in the living room in the arms of another man was his wife.  Wild for revenge, the husband picked up the man’s umbrella and snapped it in two across his knee.  “There!” he said.  “Now I hope it rains!” 
Simple Joe who is mad for the horses thought he had a sure winner the other day at the track.  The tote board listed his horse as starting at 25 to 1, and he knew the race didn’t start until 1:00 p.m.
A first grade teacher was looking at her students as they were trying out their desk computers. One boy was staring at the screen, looking dumbstruck and confused. The teacher came and read what was on the screen and in her most reassuring voice said, “The computer wants to know what your name is."   The boy then leaned over and whispered, “My name is David." 
A cow and a horse got into an accident while they were coming around a blind corner. Who is to be blamed?  The cow... because she didn't blow her horn!
At Saint Mary's Catholic Church they have a weekly husband's marriage seminar.  At the session last week, the Priest asked Luigi, who was approaching his 50th wedding anniversary, to take a few minutes and share some insight into how he had managed to stay married to the same woman for all these years. Luigi replied to the assembled husbands, “Wella, I've tried to treat her nice, spend money on her, but best of all is that I took her to Italy for the 25th anniversary!” The priest responded, "Luigi, you are an amazing inspiration to all the husbands here!”   Please tell us what you're planning for your wife for your 50th anniversary."  Luigi proudly replied, "I'm gonna go get her."   (The Secret of a Long Marriage) 
A third-grade child was asked by his teacher to spell “straight.”  The boy did so without error. “Now,” said the teacher, “what does it mean?” “Without water” was his reply. 
A couple is traveling on the Kansas Turnpike resisting 40 to 50 mph crosswinds.  At the tollbooth, the husband asks the attendant; “What do you people do in Kansas when the wind stops?”  The attendant didn’t miss a beat when he answered, “We take the rocks out of our pockets.”
The president of a movie-studio who was not exactly noted for his knowledge of the English language received a well written story titled “The Optimist.”  After reading the manuscript, he called a gathering of the most creative minds and announced, “Gentlemen, we got us a great story here, but I want all of you to think of something simpler for a title.  There ain’t many people will know the technical term for eye doctor.”
Maurice was known among his friend for the promptness with which he sent his ex-wife her alimony payment each month.  When asked the reason for his rush, he shivered and explained, “I’m afraid that if I ever should fall behind in my payments she might decide to repossess me.”
Three dreams of a man: To be as handsome as his mother thinks. To be as rich as his child believes. To have as many women as his wife suspects...  
Three dreams of a man: To be as handsome as his mother thinks. To be as rich as his child believes. To have as many women as his wife suspects...  
At a BBQ a couple was chatting with some guests when the marriage counseling topic came up.  The wife very pompous commented; “Oh we’ll never need that.  My husband and I have an excellent relationship.”  “My husband was a communications major in college and I majored in theater arts.  He communicates real well and I just act like I am listening.”
At graduation, everybody is going to get their diploma but Tom.  At the assembly Tom’s entire senior class screams “Let Tom graduate, let Tom graduate!”  The principal in a moment of weakness agrees to give Tom one last chance.  “If I have five peaches in my left hand and five peaches in my right hand, Tom, how many peaches do I have?” he asked.  Tom thought long and hard and then said:  “ten.”  And the entire senior class stood up and shouted.  “Give Tom another chance.  Give Tom another chance!”
Q: What did one English book say to the math book? A: You have way too many problems 
During a robbery, one of the robbers mask slid down. He looked at a man and asked.  Did you see my face? The man said yes! The robber shot him. Then he asked a woman.  Did you see my face?  She said no, but my husband over there did. 
Q: What did the green grape say to the purple grape?  A: "BREATHE YOU IDIOT, BREATHE!" 
Three guys from Jersey drove into the same Manhattan office each day via the Lincoln Tunnel.  With gas prices rising, they decided to commute together, each one taking a turn driving in.  One of them had to drop out though, because his eyes were bothering him.  The optometrist told him he had developed carpool tunnel vision.
A tourist stopped a local in a village he was visiting and asked; “what is the quickest way to the lake?  The local thought for a while.  “Are you walking or driving?” he asked the tourist.  “I’m driving.”  “That is the quickest way!” the local said.
At a BBQ a couple was chatting with some guests when the marriage counseling topic came up.  The wife very pompous commented; “Oh we’ll never need that.  My husband and I have an excellent relationship.”  “My husband was a communications major in college and I majored in theater arts.  He communicates real well and I just act like I am listening.”
At graduation, everybody is going to get their diploma but Tom.  At the assembly Tom’s entire senior class screams “Let Tom graduate, let Tom graduate!”  The principal in a moment of weakness agrees to give Tom one last chance.  “If I have five peaches in my left hand and five peaches in my right hand, Tom, how many peaches do I have?” he asked.  Tom thought long and hard and then said:  “ten.”  And the entire senior class stood up and shouted.  “Give Tom another chance.  Give Tom another chance!”
   As seen on a car bumper:  “Driver does not carry cash.  He is married”
 A lady sitting in first class saw the cockpit door open, she was incredulous to see that the pilot was reading, very concerned she asked a flight attendant, “Miss, why is the pilot reading?  Isn’t he supposed to be flying? “The woman fainted when the flight attendant said, "oh well, he’s just studying for his pilot license."
A woman burst out of the examining room screaming after her young physician tells her she is pregnant. The director of the clinic stopped her and asked what the problem was. After she tells him what happened, the doctors had her sit down and relax in another room and he marched down the hallway where the woman’s physician was and demanded, “What is wrong with you?  Mrs. Miller is 60 years old, has six grown children and nine grandchildren, and you told her she was pregnant?”  The young physician continued to write his notes and without looking up at his superior, asked, “Does she still have the hiccups?”
Mo and Jo are sitting in boat fishing, drinking beer and chewing tobacco when out of the blue Mo says, “I think I’m gonn a divorce my wife …… she ain’t spoke to me in over a month.”  Jo sips his beer and says, “Better think over, women like that are hard to find.”
A woman in her eighties made the evening news because she was getting married for the fourth time.  The following day she was being interviewed by a local TV station, and the commentator asked about what it felt to be married again at that age and would she share part of her previous experiences, since it seem quite unique the fact that her new husband was a ‘funeral director.’   After a short time to think, a smile came to her face and she proudly explained that she had first married a banker when she was in her twenties, in her forties she married a circus ring master, and in her sixties she married a pastor and now in her eighties, a funeral director.  The amazed commentator asked her why she had married men with such diverse carriers.   With a smile on her face she explained, ‘I married one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go.’
A woman burst out of the examining room screaming after her young physician tells her she is pregnant. The director of the clinic stopped her and asked what the problem was. After she tells him what happened, the doctors had her sit down and relax in another room and he marched down the hallway where the woman’s physician was and demanded, “What is wrong with you?  Mrs. Miller is 60 years old, has six grown children and nine grandchildren, and you told her she was pregnant?”  The young physician continued to write his notes and without looking up at his superior, asked, “Does she still have the hiccups?”
Mo and Jo are sitting in boat fishing, drinking beer and chewing tobacco when out of the blue Mo says, “I think I’m gonn a divorce my wife …… she ain’t spoke to me in over a month.”  Jo sips his beer and says, “Better think over, women like that are hard to find.”
Mo attends a revival and listens to the sermon.  After a while, the pastor asks anyone with needs to come forward and be prayed over. Mo gets in line and when it’s his turn, the pastor asks, “Mo, what do you want me to pray about?”   Mo says, “Pastor, I need you to pray for my hearing.”   So the pastor puts one finger in Mo’s ear and the other hand on top of his head and prays for a while.  He removes his hands and says, “Mo how’s your hearing now?”   Mo says, “I don’t know pastor, it’s not until next Monday."
Harry Dunn lived with his mother in Ireland and was always bugging her to let him go the U.S.A. Finally she said he could go if he promised to write her every week to let her know how he was doing, He said he would , so off he went down   to the docks. Well she received letters each week telling her how he arrived in New York, how he had found an apartment, found a job, and had met Betty the girl in the office. He said he was so happy and that he and Betty were getting married. They had moved to Connecticut in a lovely little white house, and Betty was pregnant. Then the letters stopped..... She was so worried she didn’t know what to do. She heard that one of the local lads was going over and she made her way to the pier. She found him and asked him if he knew her son Harry Dunn, he said he did not. She told him what had happened and asks him to look up Harry and tell him to write. He promised her he would at any cost. Upon arriving in N.Y. he hailed a taxi, and told the cabby to take him to Connecticut (not realizing how big the USA was.) The cabby said that is quite a ways from here and quite costly. No problem I have to deliver a message for an old lady in Ireland. “Do you know Harry Dunn? He asked the cabby. “No I don’t think so” the cabby replied. The lad told the cabby that he lived in a little white house in Connecticut. So the cabby said when we get over the line I will pull into a station and you can ask the attendant if he knows you friend Harry Dunn. So when they crossed over into Connecticut the cabby pulled into a little country service station. The boy jumped out as the attendant was coming to the car. The boy asked the attendant if he knew Harry Dunn and he said no. Where is the little white house? The attendant pointed and said right behind the station down that path, so the boy trotted down the path to the little white house (Privy-john) He jerked the door open and there stood a man zipping up his pants “Are you Dunn?” asked the lad.  Yes I’m done replied the man. “I have a message for you.”  ‘What is the message” asked the man. “Write to your mother, she is worried sick over you.”   
A doctor broke the bad news to a man, that his wife would have to be admitted to a psychiatric hospital.  “I’m afraid her mind’s completely gone,” he said.  “Makes sense,” mumbled the man. “She’s been giving me a piece of it every day for the last 15 years.”
Upon boarding a recent flight from Newark to Atlanta and animated flight attendant began to the preparatory speech and safety instruction to the packed flight. Over the intercom he announces: "Ladies and Gentlemen, the main cabin door has been closed in preparation for departure. The captain now asks that all electronic devices including: pagers, cell phones, I-phones, I-pods, blackberry’s, blueberries, strawberries and anything with an on/off switch, including but not limited to Atari game systems and Easy-Bake Ovens, be turned off at this time. Please enjoy your flight and Thank You for choosing us for all your land travel--err--I mean AIR TRAVEL needs!"
A rabbit walked into a restaurant with a lion. The waiter seats them and asks the rabbit, "What will you have?" The rabbit says bring me a half a head of lettuce.  The waiter looks at the lion and says; and what will he have? The rabbit says "The lion?" he's not eating".  The waiter says "why?  Isn’t he hungry?" Then the rabbit says "if he was hungry do you think I'd be here?"
On your left are 3 Ostriches. On your right is a herd of gazelles being chased by a lion.  In front of you are 4 deer. Behind you are 5 stampeding horses. What must you do to get out of this highly dangerous situation?  Get off the Merry-Go-Round! 
Q: How do you know you should not be driving because you have had too much to drink? A: When you swerve to hit a tree and then realize that it was only your car air freshener hanging from your rear view mirror! 
Every few days Hillary Clinton and Barak Obama accuse and criticize what the other has said or meant. They are beginning to sound like they are married to each other.
A hesitant driver, waiting for a traffic jam to clear, came to a complete stop on the freeway ramp. The traffic thinned, but the driver still waited.  Finally a furious voice from the vehicle behind him cried, "The sign says 'Yield', not "give up!"  
A little girl was watching her parents dress for a party. As her dad donned his tuxedo she warned, "Daddy, you shouldn’t wear that suit.”    “And why not, darling?” he asked.    “You know that it always gives you a headache the next morning.”
A specialist is someone who knows more and more about less and less until he knows everything about nothing. A General Practitioner is someone who knows less and less about more and more until he knows nothing about everything. A pathologist is someone who knows more and more about everything until he knows everything about everything. But, too late.
A sadist and a masochist were locked in a room together.   In a very short while the masochist began to freak out, begging "Hit me, hit me!”  To which the sadist replied, “No" 
Confucius say: “Beans in sandy soil causes Dust in the Wind”
A sadist and a masochist were locked in a room together.   In a very short while the masochist began to freak out, begging "Hit me, hit me!”  To which the sadist replied, “No" 
A young man bought an expensive piece of jewelry as a present for his girlfriend. “Don’t you want her name engraved on it?” asked the clerk.  The young man thought for a moment, and then, ever the realistic, steadfastly replied, “No, just engrave it: To My One and Only Love. That way, if we break up and she throws it back to me in anger, I can use it again.”
A little old lady was among a group at an art exhibition in a newly opened gallery. Suddenly one contemporary painting caught her eye.  “What on earth,” she inquired of the artist standing nearby, “is that?”   He smiled condescendingly. “That, my dear lady, is supposed to be a mother and her child.”    “Well, then” snapped the little old lady, “why isn’t it?”  
A young woman visits her parents and brings her fiancé to meet them.  After an elaborate dinner, the mother tells her husband to find out about the young man.  The father invites the fiancée to his library for a drink.  “So what are your plans?”  The father asks the young man.  “I am a Torah scholar.” He says.  “A Torah scholar, Hmmm,” the father says. “Admirable, but what will you do to provide a nice house for my daughter to live in, as she is accustomed to?”  “I will study,” the young man said, and God will provide for us.”  “And how will you buy her a beautiful engagement ring, such as she deserves?” asks the father.  “I will concentrate on my studies,” the young man replies, “God will provide for us.”  “And children?” asks the father.  “How will you support children?” “Don’t worry, sir, God will provide,” replies the fiancé.  The conversation continues like this, and each time the father questions, the young idealist insist that God will provide.  Later, the mother asks, “How did it go, Honey?”  The father answers, “He has no job and no plans, but the good news is he thinks I’m God.”
Two roofers, Larry and Joe were on the roof laying tile, when a sudden win gust came and knocked down their ladder.  “I have an idea” said Larry.  “We’ll throw you down, and then you can pick up the ladder.” What, do you thing, I’m stupid?   “I have and idea” said Joe. “I’ll shine my flashlight, and you can climb down on the beam of light.” What, do you think I’m stupid?  “You’ll just turn off the flashlight when I’m halfway there.”
Socrates came upon an acquaintance that ran up to him excitedly and said, “Do you know what I just heard about one of your students?” “Just a minute,” Socrates replied.  “Before you tell me I’d like you to pass a little test. It’s called the Test of Three.  “The first test is Truth.  Are you sure that what you will say is true? “Oh no,” the man said, “Actually I just heard about it.” “So you don’t really know if it’s true, Socrates said.  Now let’s try the second test, the test of Goodness.  Is what you are about to tell me about my student something good?” “No, on the contrary..”  “So,” Socrates interrupted, “you want to tell me something bad about him even though you’re not certain it’s true?”  The man shrugged, rather embarrassed.  Socrates continued.  “You may still pass though, because there is a third test, the filter of Usefulness.  Is what you want to tell me about my student going to be useful to me at all?”  “Well it ..no, not really..” “Well, concluded Socates, “If what you want to tell me is neither True nor good nor ever Useful, why tell it to me at all?”  The man was defeated and ashamed.  This is the reason Socrates was held in such high esteem.  It also explains why he never found out what Plato was up to.
A young man bought an expensive piece of jewelry as a present for his girlfriend. “Don’t you want her name engraved on it?” asked the clerk.  The young man thought for a moment, and then, ever the realistic, steadfastly replied, “No, just engrave it: To My One and Only Love. That way, if we break up and she throws it back to me in anger, I can use it again.”
A little old lady was among a group at an art exhibition in a newly opened gallery. Suddenly one contemporary painting caught her eye.  “What on earth,” she inquired of the artist standing nearby, “is that?”  He smiled condescendingly. “That, my dear lady, is supposed to be a mother and her child.”  “Well, then” snapped the little old lady, “Why isn’t it?”  
A young woman visits her parents and brings her fiancé to meet them.  After an elaborate dinner, the mother tells her husband to find out about the young man.  The father invites the fiancée to his library for a drink.  “So what are your plans?”  The father asks the young man.  “I am a Torah scholar.” He says.  “A Torah scholar, Hmmm,” the father says. “Admirable, but what will you do to provide a nice house for my daughter to live in, as she is accustomed to?”  “I will study,” the young man said, and God will provide for us.”  “And how will you buy her a beautiful engagement ring, such as she deserves?” asks the father.  “I will concentrate on my studies,” the young man replies, “God will provide for us.”  “And children?” asks the father.  “How will you support children?” “Don’t worry, sir, God will provide,” replies the fiancé.  The conversation continues like this, and each time the father questions, the young idealist insist that God will provide.  Later, the mother asks, “How did it go, Honey?”  The father answers, “He has no job and no plans, but the good news is he thinks I’m God.”
Two roofers, Larry and Joe were on the roof laying tile, when a sudden win gust came and knocked down their ladder.  “I have an idea” said Larry.  “We’ll throw you down, and then you can pick up the ladder.” What, do you thing, I’m stupid?   “I have and idea” said Joe. “I’ll shine my flashlight, and you can climb down on the beam of light.” What, do you think I’m stupid?  “You’ll just turn off the flashlight when I’m halfway there.”
Socrates came upon an acquaintance that ran up to him excitedly and said, “Do you know what I just heard about one of your students?” “Just a minute,” Socrates replied.  “Before you tell me I’d like you to pass a little test. It’s called the Test of Three.  “The first test is Truth.  Are you sure that what you will say is true? “Oh no,” the man said, “Actually I just heard about it.” “So you don’t really know if it’s true, Socrates said.  Now let’s try the second test, the test of Goodness.  Is what you are about to tell me about my student something good?” “No, on the contrary..”  “So,” Socrates interrupted, “you want to tell me something bad about him even though you’re not certain it’s true?”  The man shrugged, rather embarrassed.  Socrates continued.  “You may still pass though, because there is a third test, the filter of Usefulness.  Is what you want to tell me about my student going to be useful to me at all?”  “Well it ..no, not really..” “Well, concluded Socates, “If what you want to tell me is neither True nor good nor ever Useful, why tell it to me at all?”  The man was defeated and ashamed.  This is the reason Socrates was held in such high esteem.  It also explains why he never found out what Plato was up to.
As I was watching my 12 year old son putting a model car together and getting more frustrated by the minute until he was screaming. I walked in the kitchen and calmly said “Tom" you know what they say about patience and he looked up at me and said "I know Mom patience is a VIRGIN" I just smiled and said well yes you could say that too. 
A kindergarten teacher handed out a coloring page to her class. On it was a picture of a duck holding an umbrella. The teacher told her class to color the duck in yellow and the umbrella green, however, Bobby, the class rebel, colored the duck in a bright fire truck red. After seeing this, the teacher asked him: "Bobby, how many times have you see a red duck?" Young Bobby replied with "The same number of times I've seen a duck holding an umbrella."
Q: What is the difference between a lawyer and a cat? A: One is an arrogant creature that will claw you out of house and money, and the other is a cat. 
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? A: We don't know. They're still arguing about it.
Q) What did the chef give his wife on Valentine's Day? A) A hug and a quiche.
A man got in a taxi cab to be driven to work. They were about to turn a corner, but had to wait for the light. The taxi cab driver wasn’t sure his blinkers were working so he said to the man "will you look out the window and make sure my blinkers are working?" As requested, the man stuck his head out the window and responded "yes, no, yes, no, yes, no..."
A manager was soliciting resumes through a recruitment agency to fill in a senior staff member who had just resigned. The next day the recruitment agent came in to meet the manager and beaming he handed over a resume and said, "M'am, we have got just the right person you are looking for. The manager after skimming through the resume was visibly upset. Puzzled, the recruitment agent enquired what the matter was. The manager replied, "This candidate on the resume is the best we've got in our department".
You Might be an Internet Hobo if: You spend more time online trying to find a way of making money than actually making money. You have more than one degree from an online university. Your little black book is full of usernames and passwords. Your space is My-space. You think a vacation is Google’s earth. Your 15 minutes of fame is on You-tube. Road rage means a dial up connection. You hear your kids say "the snail man's here". 
Judge: Why did you hit your husband with a chair? Wife: Because I couldn't lift the table! 
Q: What did the keyboard say to the typist? A: You’re really pushing my buttons!!!! 
Three old couples were having tea one fine day. There were all chatting and whatnot when one of the men, trying to get a chuckle, said to his wife, "Pass the honey, honey!” Getting the chuckle he expected, he carried on. A moment later, the second man said, "Pass the sugar, sugar!" This got a bit of a bigger laugh, so the third man, although not quite as clever or quick-witted as the other two, decided to join in the fun. He waited for the perfect opportunity, cleared his throat and then confidently said, "Pass the tea, bag!"
Two prisoners were sitting in their cell talking, one said to the other, “You are getting out in a couple of weeks, are you going straight or back in Politics.
Q: What did the keyboard say to the typist? A: You’re really pushing my buttons!!!! 
Judge: Why did you hit your husband with a chair? Wife: Because I couldn't lift the table! 
This young man was elated when he turned eighteen in a state where curfew is 11:00 p.m. for any one under seventeen years of age.  He told his Dad how happy he was that now he could stay out until 3:00 a.m. if he wanted. “Yes you can stay out as late as you want, but the car is under seventeen and it has to be in the garage by eleven.” His father said.
After the doctor gives the patient his diagnosis, the patient says; “Can I have a second opinion? The doctor says; “Sure. Come back tomorrow.” 
An elderly woman called 911 on her cell phone to report that her car had been broken   in to.  She is hysterical as she explains her situation to the dispatcher: "They've stolen the stereo, the steering wheel, the brake pedal and even the accelerator!" she cried. The dispatcher said, "Stay calm. An officer is on the way." A few minutes later, the officer radios in. "Disregard." He says. "She got in the back-seat by mistake." 
Did you hear about the baby born in the high-tech delivery room? It was cordless! 
A manager was soliciting resumes through a recruitment agency to fill in a senior staff member who had just resigned. The next day the recruitment agent came in to meet the manager and beaming he handed over a resume and said, "M'am, we have got just the right person you are looking for. The manager after skimming through the resume was visibly upset. Puzzled, the recruitment agent enquired what the matter was. The manager replied, "This candidate on the resume is the best we've got in our department".
Two friends are talking and one says to the other; “I am so tired of people not understanding what I'm talking about. His friend asks; “What do you mean?” 
A man who had come out of a complicated abdominal surgery was complaining of having a bump on his head and a terrible headache. The nurse, fearing that the man might be suffering from some post operative shock, spoke to the surgeon about it.  The doctor assured the nurse, “don’t worry about a thing.  He really does have a bump on his head.  About halfway into the operation we ran out of anesthetic.”  
A little boy knocks at the door and tells the owner that something of his had found its way into her garage, and he wanted it back. The homeowner opened the garage and noticed two additions; a baseball and broken window sporting a baseball-sized hole. “How do you suppose this ball got in here?” she asked the child.  Taking one look at the ball, one look at the window, and one look at the homeowner, the little boy exclaimed, “Wow lady!  I must have thrown it right through that hole!” 
After the doctor gives the patient his diagnosis, the patient says; “Can I have a second opinion? The doctor says; “Sure. Come back tomorrow.” 
A patient tell his therapist:  “I feel awful. I feel like a spoon all the time.” The therapist says: “sit still and don’t stir.” 
During a bank heist the Chief told the Sgt. to cover all exits so the robbers could not get away.  Later the Sgt. reports to the chief. “Sorry sir but they got away.” The chief very disappointed says, “I told you to cover all Exist.” "I did” replied the Sgt. but they got away through the Entrance" 
A patient tell his therapist:  “I feel awful. I feel like a spoon all the time.” The therapist says: “sit still and don’t stir.” 
An orthopedic surgeon was moving to a new office, with the help of his staff.  One of the nurses sat the display skeleton in the front of her car, a bony arm across the back of the seat. On the drive across town, she stopped at a traffic light, and the stares of the people in the neighboring car compelled her to roll down her window and yell, I’m delivering him to my doctor’s office.”  The other driver leaned out of is window.  “I hate to tell you, lady,” he said, “but I think it’s too late!” 
A neurotic is the person who builds a castle in the air.  A psychotic is the person who lives in it.  And a psychiatrist is the person who collects the rent.
How can you tell that managed cared has cut into your doctor’s income? He takes Friday off to play miniature golf. 
When I had my surgery, the doctor gave me a local anesthetic.  I could not afford the imported kind.
An optometrist was instructing a new employee on how to charge a customer.  “As you are fitting her glasses, if she asks how much they cost, you say ‘$150.’  “If her eyes don’t flutter, say, ‘For the frames.  The lenses will be $100.’  “If her eyes still don’t flutter, you add, ‘Each.’”
While visiting a friend in the hospital a young man noticed several pretty nurses, each one of them was wearing a pin designed to look like an apple.  “What does the pin signify?” he asked one of them.  “Oh! Nothing,” she said with a chuckle.  “We just use it to keep the doctors away.”
A man called his doctor and said, “Doctor, I think that my wife has come down with a case of laryngitis.” “Bring her into the office, then” the doctor said, “and I’ll see what I can do to treat the condition.”  “Actually, I was hoping you could tell me how to prolong it.”
When a doctor remarked on a new patient’s extraordinarily ruddy complexion, he said, “high blood pressure, Doc. It runs in my family.” “Your mother’s side or your father’s?” the doctor asked.  “Neither,” the patient replied.  “It’s from my wife’s family.” “Oh, come now,” said the doctor “How could your wife’s family give you high blood pressure?”  He sighed.  “You oughta meet’em sometime, Doc!” 
At an international medical conference, and American, a German and a Russian were discussing the shortcomings of their diagnoses. The American said; “I can’t stand it sometimes, “We treat patients for cancer, and they die of AIDS.”  “I know what you mean,” said the German “We treat them for yellow fever; ant it turns out they had malaria.” “We don’t have that problem in our country,” said the Russian doctor.  “When we treat patients for a disease, they die of that disease.” 
A high school student is in the counselor’s office.  “So tell me, what things interest you? “I’d like to cut people open and run my fingers through their liver and heart!” The counselor chuckle and after a long pause says, “Well, I guess that means you’ll either be a surgeon or psychotic killer. Tell me more about yourself.”  The student paused for a minute and said; “Well, to start with, I’m never wrong.”  “Other people adore me and do exactly as I say…or if they don’t, they should.”  The counselor smiles and says; “Surgeon it is!” 
How does a doctor commit suicide?  He jumps down from his ego to his IQ.
A doctor got a phone call from one of his colleagues.  “We need a fourth for poker,” the voice on the phone said.  “I’ll be right over,” replied the doctor.  As he was putting on his overcoat, his wife asked, “Is it serious?”  “Oh yes, quite serious,” he said gravely.  “They’ve had to call in three other doctors as well.”
 Papa Bear tossed and turned, but could not fall asleep. When his restlessness woke Mama Bear, she cried in exasperation; "How many times do I have to tell you? No coffee after September." 
Charlie borrowed his friends Volkswagen, while his car was in the garage. When he got into it, he found out it would not start. So he got out and raised the hood and looked down in amazement. This other guy came by driving in his Volkswagen and saw that this guys was in trouble, so he stopped and went over. "What’s the trouble?" he asked.  After taking a look, he said; "No wonder it won't start someone stole the engine." "But don’t worry" he said, “I have an extra in my trunk you can borrow". 
Did you hear about the baby born in the high-tech delivery room? It was cordless! 
The HMO account manager noticed that nearly every bill from a certain pediatrician’s office included the line item “Behavior modification reinforcers.”  Alarm that the pediatrician was engaging in some unapproved, experimental psychological treatment, she called the physician’s office to inquire, “What on earth are behavior modification reinforcers?” “Lollipops,” was the reply.
A patron at a restaurant was continually bothering the waiter about the air conditioning: first he would ask for the air conditioning to be turned up because it was too hot, then he would ask it be turned down because it was to cold, this went on for about a half an hour. To the surprise of the rest of the customers, the waiter was very patient, walking aback and forth and very pleasant.  So finally a customer asked; why don’t you just throw out the pest?  “Oh, I don’t care,” said the waiter with a grin, we don’t even have an air conditioner.”
A man who had come out of a complicated abdominal surgery was complaining of having a bump on his head and a terrible headache. The nurse, fearing that the man might be suffering from some post operative shock, spoke to the surgeon about it.  The doctor assured the nurse, “don’t worry about a thing.  He really does have a bump on his head.  About halfway into the operation we ran out of anesthetic.”  
A little boy knocks at the door and tells the owner that something of his had found its way into her garage, and he wanted it back. The homeowner opened the garage and noticed two additions; a baseball and broken window sporting a baseball-sized hole. “How do you suppose this ball got in here?” she asked the child.  Taking one look at the ball, one look at the window, and one look at the homeowner, the little boy exclaimed, “Wow lady!  I must have thrown it right through that hole!” 
A patron at a restaurant was continually bothering the waiter about the air conditioning: first he would ask for the air conditioning to be turned up because it was too hot, then he would ask it be turned down because it was to cold, this went on for about a half an hour. To the surprise of the rest of the customers, the waiter was very patient, walking aback and forth and very pleasant.  So finally a customer asked; why don’t you just throw out the pest?  “Oh, I don’t care,” said the waiter with a grin, we don’t even have an air conditioner.”
While visiting a friend in the hospital a young man noticed several pretty nurses, each one of them was wearing a pin designed to look like an apple.  “What does the pin signify?” he asked one of them.  “Oh! Nothing,” she said with a chuckle.  “We just use it to keep the doctors away.”
How can you tell that managed cared has cut into your doctor’s income? He takes Friday off to play miniature golf. 
When I had my surgery, the doctor gave me a local anesthetic.  I could not afford the imported kind.
The HMO account manager noticed that nearly every bill from a certain pediatrician’s office included the line item “Behavior modification re-enforcers”.  Alarm that the pediatrician was engaging in some unapproved, experimental psychological treatment, she called the physician’s office to inquire,   “What on earth are behavior modification re-enforcers?”   “Lollipops,” was the reply.
An optometrist was instructing a new employee on how to charge a customer.  “As you are fitting her glasses, if she asks how much they cost, you say ‘$150.’  “If her eyes don’t flutter, say, ‘For the frames.  The lenses will be $100.’  “If her eyes still don’t flutter, you add, ‘Each.’”
At an international medical conference, and American, a German and a Russian were discussing the shortcomings of their diagnoses. The American said; “I can’t stand it sometimes, “We treat patients for cancer, and they die of AIDS.”  “I know what you mean,” said the German “We treat them for yellow fever; ant it turns out they had malaria.” “We don’t have that problem in our country,” said the Russian doctor.  “When we treat patients for a disease, they die of that disease.” 
How does a doctor commit suicide?  He jumps down from his ego to his IQ.
A high school student is in the counselor’s office.  “So tell me, what things interest you? “I’d like to cut people open and run my fingers through their liver and heart!” The counselor chuckle and after a long pause says, “Well, I guess that means you’ll either be a surgeon or psychotic killer. Tell me more about yourself.”  The student paused for a minute and said; “Well, to start with, I’m never wrong.”  “Other people adore me and do exactly as I say…or if they don’t, they should.”  The counselor smiles and says; “Surgeon it is!” 
A man called his doctor and said, “Doctor, I think that my wife has come down with a case of laryngitis.” “Bring her into the office, then” the doctor said, “and I’ll see what I can do to treat the condition.”  “Actually, I was hoping you could tell me how to prolong it.”
A woman with a headache went to her medicine cabinet to find a bottle of Advil She did as the bottle said; take two and keep away from children. Soon her headache went away!
This scientist was telling a colleague, "I have worked for many years to develop an acid that would eat anything and I finally did it.”  So I invested everything I had and could borrow into it.   “You must have made a fortune,” commented his friend.  “No!  I lost all my investments. I couldn't find anything to ship it in.” replied the scientist. 
Government Philosophy: If it ain't broke, fix it 'till it is.
A neurotic is the person who builds a castle in the air.  A psychotic is the person who lives in it.  And a psychiatrist is the person who collects the rent.
A doctor got a phone call from one of his colleagues.  “We need a fourth for poker,” the voice on the phone said.  “I’ll be right over,” replied the doctor.  As he was putting on his overcoat, his wife asked, “Is it serious?”  “Oh yes, quite serious,” he said gravely.  “They’ve had to call in three other doctors as well.”
An orthopedic surgeon was moving to a new office, with the help of his staff.  One of the nurses sat the display skeleton in the front of her car, a bony arm across the back of the seat. On the drive across town, she stopped at a traffic light, and the stares of the people in the neighboring car compelled her to roll down her window and yell, I’m delivering him to my doctor’s office.”  The other driver leaned out of is window.  “I hate to tell you, lady,” he said, “but I think it’s too late!” 
When a doctor remarked on a new patient’s extraordinarily ruddy complexion, he said, “high blood pressure, Doc. It runs in my family.” “Your mother’s side or your father’s?” the doctor asked.  “Neither,” the patient replied.  “It’s from my wife’s family.” “Oh, come now,” said the doctor “How could your wife’s family give you high blood pressure?”  He sighed.  “You oughta meet’em sometime, Doc!” 
Government Philosophy: If it ain't broke, fix it 'till it is.
In the far distant future in the year 4527, a number of scientists from all over the universe were having a convention on a far distant galaxy.  Two beings were seated next to one another when they struck up a conversation.   "Where are you from?" the one asked.    "I'm from Alpha Century," he answered.  "Where are you from?"   "I'm from Earth" was the answer.   "I know someone from earth," the Alpha Centurion said. "John Smith.  Do you know him?" 
Two eggs, a sausage, and a pancake walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve breakfast."
After struggling for many hours deep within the forest  of stately hardwoods, the new lumberjack finally quit. He just couldn't hack it.     
Q: What can you put your money into that is sure to go up? A: Taxes
Q: What is sure confidence? A: Solving crossword puzzles with a fountain pen.
Tom was invited to his friend’s house for dinner.   He found that his buddy called his wife every cute name in the book:  honey, darling, sweetheart, pumpkin, and baby. When she was in the kitchen, he leaned over to his friend and said, “I think it’s nice you still call your wife all those pet names.”  “To tell you the truth,” his friend said, “I forgot her name abut three years ago.”  
A man comes home from a night of drinking with the boys.  As he falls through the doorway of his house, his wife snaps at him, “what’s the big idea coming home half drunk?”  The man replies, “I’m sorry, honey. I ran out of money.”
A man comes home from a night of drinking with the boys.  As he falls through the doorway of his house, his wife snaps at him, “what’s the big idea coming home half drunk?”  The man replies, “I’m sorry, honey. I ran out of money.”
Tom was invited to his friend’s house for dinner.   He found that his buddy called his wife every cute name in the book:  honey, darling, sweetheart, pumpkin, and baby. When she was in the kitchen, he leaned over to his friend and said, “I think it’s nice you still call your wife all those pet names.”  “To tell you the truth,” his friend said, “I forgot her name abut three years ago.”  
Dean and Jerry were riding a train across the west. Jerry looked out the window and saw a whole lot of buffalo roaming the range. Look at that big bunch of buffalo said Jerry. Dean: Don’t say bunch say herd. Jerry: Heard what. Dean: Herd of buffalo. Jerry: Sure I’ve heard of buffalo. Dean: No... you don’t understand, a buffalo herd.  Jerry: I don’t care what a buffalo heard           I ain”t said nothing that I’m ashamed of. 
Q.  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs under a car? A.  Jack!
Three Irishmen, Paddy, Sean and Seamus, were stumbling home from the pub late one night and found themselves on the road which led past the old graveyard.                                          "Come have a look over here," says Paddy, "It's Michael O'Grady's grave, and God bless his soul. He lived to the ripe old age of 87."  "That's nothing," says Sean, "here's one named Patrick O'Tool, it says here that he was 95 when he died." Just then, Seamus yells out, "Hey, here's a fella that got to be 145!" "What was his name?" asks Paddy. Seamus stumbles around a bit, awkwardly lights a match to see what else is written on the stone marker, and exclaims, "Miles, from Dublin." 
Three Irishmen, Paddy, Sean and Seamus, were stumbling home from the pub late one night and found themselves on the road which led past the old graveyard.                                          "Come have a look over here," says Paddy, "It's Michael O'Grady's grave, and God bless his soul. He lived to the ripe old age of 87."  "That's nothing," says Sean, "here's one named Patrick O'Tool, it says here that he was 95 when he died." Just then, Seamus yells out, "Hey, here's a fella that got to be 145!" "What was his name?" asks Paddy. Seamus stumbles around a bit, awkwardly lights a match to see what else is written on the stone marker, and exclaims, "Miles, from Dublin." 
Q.  What do you call a man with no arms and no legs under a car? A.  Jack!
Betty's psychiatrist convinced her that she had 120 different personalities.  Then billed her insurance company for Group therapy! 
A man walks out of a bar totally hammered, only to be greeted by a snobby woman.  She takes one look at him. “You, sir, are drunk!"  "And you ma'am, are ugly. But when I wake up, I will be sober!" 
The Teacher had asked the class to write an essay about an unusual event that happened during the past week.   Little Johnny got up to read his.  It began, "My daddy fell in well last week."  "Good Lord!" the teacher exclaimed. "Is he OK?"  "He must be," said Little Johnny. "He stopped calling for help yesterday."
Q: Who is the most hated girl in the COMPAQ IT department? A: A-dell-e 
A Rabbi and a Priest were sitting in front of a church and they each had charity boxes in front of them to collect money. The church goers that were passing by couldn't believe the nerve of the rabbi, and purposely threw large sums of money into the priest's charity box to spite the rabbi. Finally one of the passer-by had sympathy on the rabbi, and advised him, "Go to a synagogue and collect there, you'll have more success." The Rabbi thanked the passer-by, and then turned to the priest and said, "You here that, Yankel; he's telling us how to do business."
A man walks into a restaurant and is shown to his seat by the hostess. The waiter approaches and asks, "Would you like to try our house special?”  The man replies, "No, just bring me a steak, and make it lean". The waiter, somewhat puzzled, looks at him and replies, "which way?"
I rear-ended another car this morning.  I tell you, I knew right then and there that it was going to be a really bad day.  The driver got out of the other car, and wouldn't you know it! He was a dwarf!!  He looked up at me and said, "I am 'Not Happy.' So I said, "Well, then, which one are you?"  And, that's how the fight started. 
Tony was a pianist and was practicing late one night.  There was a tap on the door, when he opened it his landlord was standing outside the door.  The landlord asked, “Do you know there is a sick lady upstairs?"  Tony answered, “No, I haven’t heard that song. Can you please hum it a little?"
The following 15 Police Comments were taken from actual police car videos around the country. Count down to #1...  #15 "Relax, the handcuffs are tight because they're new. They'll stretch after you wear them a while."  # 14 "If you take your hands off the car, I'll make your birth certificate a worthless document."  #13 "If you run, you'll only go to jail tired."  #12 "Can you run faster than 1200 feet per second? Because that's the speed of the bullet that'll be chasing you."  #11 "You don't know how fast you were going? I guess that means I can write anything I want to on the ticket, huh?"  #10 "Yes, sir, you can talk to the shift supervisor, but I don't think it will help. Oh, did I mention that I'm the shift supervisor?"  #9 "Warning! You want a warning? O. K., I'm warning you not to do that again or I'll give you another ticket."  #8 "The answer to this last question will determine whether you are drunk or not. Was Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?"  #7 "Fair? You want me to be fair? Listen, fair is a place where you go to ride on rides, eat cotton candy, and corn dogs and step in monkey poo. "  #6 "Yeah, we have a quota. Two more tickets and my wife gets a toaster oven."  #5 "In God we trust, all others we run through NCIC."  #4 "How big were those 'Just two beers' you say you had?"  #3 "No sir, we don't have quotas anymore. We used to, but now we're allowed to write as many tickets as we can."  #2 "I'm glad to hear that chief (of Police) Hawker is a personal friend of yours. So you know someone who can post your bail."   The envelope please.....................  AND THE WINNER IS ...    #1 "You didn't think we give pretty women tickets? You're right, we don't. Sign here." 
A man was walking down the road with a bag of liverwurst under his arm. He came upon a young, very thin boy with a tern under his arm. The man asked "What are you doing with that bird under your arm?” The boy answered" I am very hungry and I want to eat this bird.” The man wanted to save the tern and at the same time ease the boy's hunger, so he traded the bag of liverwurst for the bird. In other words, he took a "TERN FOR THE WURST".
Two elderly men were sunning themselves on a Miami Beach when they started a friendly conversation.  "I was able to move here to retire in Miami after my business burned to the ground," the one man said.  "The insurance payment sure came in handy."  The other replied, "I'm here living from an insurance claim when my factory was flooded out."   The first man pondered for a few seconds and then asked, "How do you start a flood?" 
 A policeman spots this Bloke walking up Royal Ave. pulling a 12 foot long rope and asks, “What do you think you are doing pulling this 12 long rope up Royal Ave.?” The Bloke replied: “have you ever tried pushing it?”  
A Rabbi and a Priest were sitting in front of a church and they each had charity boxes in front of them to collect money. The church goers that were passing by couldn't believe the nerve of the rabbi, and purposely threw large sums of money into the priest's charity box to spite the rabbi. Finally one of the passer-by had sympathy on the rabbi, and advised him, "Go to a synagogue and collect there, you'll have more success." The Rabbi thanked the passer-by, and then turned to the priest and said, "You here that, Yankel; he's telling us how to do business."
Q: Who is the most hated girl in the COMPAQ IT department? A: A-dell-e 
A young polar bear asks his father, "Dad, am I 100% Polar Bear" The father bear responds, "Well, son, I am all polar bear, your mother is all polar bear, your grandparents, even your great grandparents are 100% polar bear. So yes, son, you are 100% polar bear. Why do you ask?"  The young polar bear replies "Because I am really cold!" 
A man walks into a restaurant and is shown to his seat by the hostess. The waiter approaches and asks, "Would you like to try our house special?”  The man replies, "No, just bring me a steak, and make it lean". The waiter, somewhat puzzled, looks at him and replies, "which way?"
I rear-ended another car this morning.  I tell you, I knew right then and there that it was going to be a really bad day.  The driver got out of the other car, and wouldn't you know it! He was a dwarf!!  He looked up at me and said, "I am 'Not Happy.' So I said, "Well, then, which one are you?"  And, that's how the fight started. 
Tony was a pianist and was practicing late one night.  There was a tap on the door, when he opened it his landlord was standing outside the door. He asked; “do you know there is a sick lady upstairs?"  Tony answered, “no, I haven’t heard that song.  Can you please hum it a little?" 
 A policeman spots this Bloke walking up Royal Ave. pulling a 12 foot long rope and asks, “What do you think you are doing pulling this 12 long rope up Royal Ave.?” The Bloke replied: “have you ever tried pushing it?”  
A visitor from Holland was chatting with his American friend and was jokingly explaining about the red, white and blue in the Netherlands flag.  “Our flag symbolizes our taxes,” the man said.  “We get red when we talk about them, white when we get our tax bill, and blue after we pay them.”  “That’s the same with us, the American said, “only we see stars, too.”
With his ball and bat in hand Little Pete walked to home plate in an empty baseball field.   As he threw the ball up in the air, he announced, “I am the best ball player ever!”  He swung with all his power, but missed.  He did the same thing and missed again.  He picked up the ball, tossed it up one more time, said “I am the best ball player in the world!”  Then he swung and missed again.  “Wow! He said.  “What a pitcher!”  
A recently hired nurse listened while the doctor was yelling, “Malaria! Chicken pox! Polio!” the nurse asked another nurse, “why is he going on like that?”  The other nurse replied, “Oh, he just likes to call the shots around here.” 
A couple was making their first doctors visit prior to the birth of their first child. After the exam, the doctor took a small stamp and stamped the wife’s stomach with indelible ink.  The man and his wife were curious about what the stamp was for, so when they got home, the man took out his magnifying glass to try to see what is was.  In very small letters, the stamp said, “When you can read this, come back and see me.”
Little Johnny was not paying attention in class so the math teacher called on him and said, “Johnny! What are 5, 2, 28 and 40?” Little Johnny quickly replied, “NBC, CBS, HBO, and Cartoon Network!”
A visitor from Holland was chatting with his American friend and was jokingly explaining about the red, white and blue in the Netherlands flag.  “Our flag symbolizes our taxes,” the man said.  “We get red when we talk about them, white when we get our tax bill, and blue after we pay them.”  “That’s the same with us, the American said, “only we see stars, too.”
A couple was making their first doctors visit prior to the birth of their first child. After the exam, the doctor took a small stamp and stamped the wife’s stomach with indelible ink.  The man and his wife were curious about what the stamp was for, so when they got home, the man took out his magnifying glass to try to see what is was.  In very small letters, the stamp said, “When you can read this, come back and see me.”
A recently hired nurse listened while the doctor was yelling, “Malaria! Chicken pox! Polio!” the nurse asked another nurse, “why is he going on like that?”  The other nurse replied, “Oh, he just likes to call the shots around here.” 
Little Johnny was not paying attention in class so the math teacher called on him and said, “Johnny! What are 5, 2, 28 and 40?” Little Johnny quickly replied, “NBC, CBS, HBO, and Cartoon Network!”
Q: What does a stamp say to an envelope? A: Stick with me and we'll go places. 
At a Catholic school, there was a "meet the teacher" open house for the 2nd graders. After the meeting, a Nun announced that there would be a small reception afterwards in the cafeteria. All the children and parents filed in, and saw on a table a plate of apples, a plate of cookies, and some water bottles and juice. As the children went through the line, one boy saw that there was a sign on the plate of apples that said, "Take only one. God is watching." So, the boy took an apple and moved on to the cookies. He helped himself, and then took a small piece of paper, and wrote: "Take all you want”. God is watching the apples."
Q: What do you call an intelligent, attractive, sensitive man? A: A rumor 
Three contractors are bidding to fix a broken fence at the Rhode Island State house in Providence, one from Cranston, and another from North Kingstown and the third, Exeter. They go with a State house official to examine the fence.  The North Kingstown contractor takes out a tape measure and does some Measuring, then works some figures with a pencil. "Well," he says, "I figure the job will run about $900: $400 for materials, $400 for my crew and $100 profit for me."  The Exeter contractor also does some measuring and figuring, and then says I can do this job for $700: $300 for materials, $300 for my crew and $100 profit for me."  The Cranston contractor doesn't measure or figure, but leans over to the State House official and whispers, "$2,700."  The official, incredulous, says, "You didn't even measure like the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?"  The Cranston contractor whispers back, "$1,000 for me, $1,000 for you, and we hire the guy from Exeter to fix the fence."  
Did you know the most difficult job in the US Military is being a Navy Pilot?   I guess it is really hard to make the boats fly!
This fellow was a very good harp player and wound up playing a gig in San Francisco, at a pub named Sam Fran's Disco. When his gig was up and he returned home, he found out he had forgotten his harp. When he told his wife he had to go right back, she wanted to know why. He said, "Because I left my harp in Sam Fran's Disco".
At a Catholic school, there was a "meet the teacher" open house for the 2nd graders. After the meeting, a Nun announced that there would be a small reception afterwards in the cafeteria. All the children and parents filed in, and saw on a table a plate of apples, a plate of cookies, and some water bottles and juice. As the children went through the line, one boy saw that there was a sign on the plate of apples that said, "Take only one. God is watching." So, the boy took an apple and moved on to the cookies. He helped himself, and then took a small piece of paper, and wrote: "Take all you want”. God is watching the apples."
Q: What do you call an intelligent, attractive, sensitive man? A: A rumor 
A divorced billionaire was ordered by the Court to hand over a 49% share of his Corporation to his ex-wife. The Billionaire, we will call him Sam, was actively involved in acquiring properties wherever he chose. At an annual Board Meeting with his executives, the company stockholders, minus the ex-wife, were reviewing the land acquisitions during the time since Sam's divorce was finalized. They started a discussion of each property, one by one. "Fish Haven, Idaho, I see the aggression expression on that purchase", the one executive commented. Sam gave his nod of admission of its truth. The next company man made his statement, "Dog Walk, Kentucky", "Again we have an aggression expression, don't we Sam?" Sam concurred with that fact again. "Horse heads, New York," and the company man said, "Aggression Expression with DRAMATIC innuendo!" Sam was all too willing to say yes and be understood as an angry and vengeful man. The next property on the roster was Canton, Ohio. "Canton, Ohio?” asked the 4th company man, "I don't see any sign of your conveyance of your indignation, to your ex, on this property name."  Sam replied, "No, this acquisition was just to say I love Chinese food."
Three contractors are bidding to fix a broken fence at the Rhode Island State house in Providence, one from Cranston, and another from North Kingstown and the third, Exeter. They go with a State house official to examine the fence.  The North Kingstown contractor takes out a tape measure and does some Measuring, then works some figures with a pencil. "Well," he says, "I figure the job will run about $900: $400 for materials, $400 for my crew and $100 profit for me."  The Exeter contractor also does some measuring and figuring, and then says I can do this job for $700: $300 for materials, $300 for my crew and $100 profit for me."  The Cranston contractor doesn't measure or figure, but leans over to the State House official and whispers, "$2,700."  The official, incredulous, says, "You didn't even measure like the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?"  The Cranston contractor whispers back, "$1,000 for me, $1,000 for you, and we hire the guy from Exeter to fix the fence."  
What did 2 say to 3 about the unruly 6? Don't worry about him; he is just a product of our times. 
Pat and Mick have just started their job installing telegraph poles.  At the end of the first week they both go to collect their wages and the boss tells Mick he is dismissed. Why? asks Mick. Well, said the boss. Pat has put in 50 poles this week and you have only done 5,  Mick looks rather perplex, and says, “but look how far he has left them sticking out.”
 A bent-over old lady hobbled into a doctor's office. Within minutes, she came out again but miraculously, she was standing up as straight as could be. A man in the waiting room who had been watching her said in amazement; "My goodness, what did the doctor do to you?"  The old lady replied, "He gave me a longer cane!" 
A married woman has a lover. It’s no secret, her husband and all there friends know about it. One day, the woman suddenly dies. At the funeral, to the embarrassment of all, the boyfriend is there and is crying hysterically. Finally, the husband can't take anymore of it. He approaches the man, puts his arms around him and says "Please don't carry on like this. I'll marry again.
One day Little Jonnie says to his father:  I want to get married.  Father: Oh, so do you have someone special in your mind?  Johnny: Yes...Grandma  Father: What? There is a problem now; you want to marry my Mother?  Johnny: Why not? You married my mother 
Q: If you are flying in an airplane and it gets on fire where do you come out? A: In the news. 
The Substitute Tooth Fairy  I was leaving for a two-day conference, and my seven-year-old daughter, Katherine, was becoming overly clinging and teary. I was mystified at her emotional reaction until I heard her say to my husband, "Daddy, I have a loose tooth. If it falls out while Mommy is gone, do you know how to handle this tooth fairy thing?"   
This old man was feared by all his neighbors because they believe he practiced black magic and was responsible for missing cats and dogs and strange sounds at all hours. Every time he had a confrontation with his wife, screams and yelling could be heard deep into the night along with the same statement. “When I die I will dig my way up and out of the grave to come back and haunt you for the rest of your life!”  Well he died abruptly under strange circumstances and the funeral had a closed casket.  After the burial, the wife went straight to the local bar and began to party as if there was no tomorrow.  The cheerfulness of her actions was becoming extreme while her neighbors approached in a group to ask these questions: are you not afraid? Worried? Concerned? That this man who practiced black magic and stated when he died he would dig his way up and out of the grave to come back and haunt you for the rest of your life?  The wife put down her drink and said, “Let the jerk dig.  I had him buried upside down.”
Little Johnny comes downstairs crying.  His mother asked, “What’s the matter now?” “Dad was hanging pictures, and just hit his thumb with hammer,” said little Johnny through his tears. “That’s not so serious,” soothed his mother.  “I know you are upset, but a big boy like you shouldn’t cry at something like that.  Why didn’t you just laugh? “I did!” sobbed Johnny. 
Two bachelors, Larry and Frank were out to dinner.  The conversation drifted from office, sports to politics and then to cooking.  “I got a cook book once” said Larry.  “But I couldn’t do anything with it.”  “Too much fancy stuff in it, huh?” asked Frank.  “You said it, Larry replied, nodding.  “Every one of those recipes began the same way: “Take a clean plate…”
This guy pulls into a crowded parking lot and rolled down the car windows to make sure his dog had fresh air.  The dog was stretched out in the back seat, and the guy wanted to impress upon he that he must remain there.  The guy walked to the curb backward, pointing his finger at the car and saying emphatically, “Now you stay.  Do you hear me? Stay!”  The driver of a nearby car gave the guy a startled look “I don’t know about you, man,” he said incredulously.  “But I usually just put my car in park.”
A guy thought he was dead, but in reality he was very much alive. His hallucination became a real problem for his family and they finally took him to see a psychiatrist.  After spending many laborious sessions trying to convince the guy he was still alive, the psychiatrist tried one last approach.  He opened his medical book and proceeded to show the man that dead men don’t bleed. After a mind-numbing study, the man seemed convince that dead men don’t bleed, and the psychiatrist asked: “Do you now agree that dead men don’t bleed?”  “Yes I do” the man replied.  “Very well, then,” the psychiatrist said.  He took out a pin and pricked the man’s finger.  Out came a drop of blood.  The doctor asked.  “What does that tell you?” “Oh my goodness!”  The patient exclaimed as he stared doubtfully at his finger…. “Dead men do bleed!!” 
Q: Did you hear about the cannibals that attended the wedding? A: They toasted the bride and groom. 
A guy thought he was dead, but in reality he was very much alive. His hallucination became a real problem for his family and they finally took him to see a psychiatrist.  After spending many laborious sessions trying to convince the guy he was still alive, the psychiatrist tried one last approach.  He opened his medical book and proceeded to show the man that dead men don’t bleed. After a mind-numbing study, the man seemed convince that dead men don’t bleed, and the psychiatrist asked: “Do you now agree that dead men don’t bleed?”  “Yes I do” the man replied.  “Very well, then,” the psychiatrist said.  He took out a pin and pricked the man’s finger.  Out came a drop of blood.  The doctor asked.  “What does that tell you?” “Oh my goodness!”  The patient exclaimed as he stared doubtfully at his finger…. “Dead men do bleed!!” 
The Substitute Tooth Fairy  I was leaving for a two-day conference, and my seven-year-old daughter, Katherine, was becoming overly clinging and teary. I was mystified at her emotional reaction until I heard her say to my husband, "Daddy, I have a loose tooth. If it falls out while Mommy is gone, do you know how to handle this tooth fairy thing?"   
Q: Did you hear about the cannibals that attended the wedding? A: They toasted the bride and groom. 
A guest in a posh hotel comes down to breakfast and called over the head waiter and read from the menu “I’d like one under cooked egg so that it’s running, and one over cooked egg that it’s tough and hard to eat.  I’d also like grilled bacon which is a bit on the cold side, burnt toast, butter straight from the freezer so that it’s impossible to spread, and a pot of very weak, lukewarm coffee.” that’s a complicated order sir, said the bewildered waiter.  “It might be quite difficult.”  The guest replied sarcastically, “It can’t be that difficult because that’s exactly what you brought me yesterday!”
What time does the library open? The voice on the phone asked.  “Nine A.M.” came the reply. And what is the idea of calling me at home in the middle of the night to ask such a question?  Asked the librarian “Not until nine A.M.?” the man asked in a disappointed voice. “No, not till nine A.M..!” the librarian said, “Why do you want to get in before nine A.M.?” “Who said I wanted to get in? The man sighed sadly. “I want to get out.”
At a fabric store, a pretty girl spots a nice material for a dress and asks the male clerk: How much does it costs?  “Only one kiss per yard,” replied the male clerk with a smirk. “That’s fine,” said the girl. I’ll take ten yards.”  With expectation and anticipation written all over his face, the clerk quickly measured out the cloth, wrapped it up, and then teasingly held it out.  The girl took the bag and pointed to the old man standing beside her, and smiled, “Grandpa will pay the bill.”
Little Johnny comes downstairs crying.  His mother asked, “What’s the matter now?” “Dad was hanging pictures, and just hit his thumb with hammer,” said little Johnny through his tears. “That’s not so serious,” soothed his mother.  “I know you are upset, but a big boy like you shouldn’t cry at something like that.  Why didn’t you just laugh? “I did!” sobbed Johnny. 
Two bachelors, Larry and Frank were out to dinner.  The conversation drifted from office, sports to politics and then to cooking.  “I got a cook book once” said Larry.  “But I couldn’t do anything with it.”  “Too much fancy stuff in it, huh?” asked Frank.  “You said it, Larry replied, nodding.  “Every one of those recipes began the same way: “Take a clean plate…”
This guy pulls into a crowded parking lot and rolled down the car windows to make sure his dog had fresh air.  The dog was stretched out in the back seat, and the guy wanted to impress upon he that he must remain there.  The guy walked to the curb backward, pointing his finger at the car and saying emphatically, “Now you stay.  Do you hear me? Stay!”  The driver of a nearby car gave the guy a startled look “I don’t know about you, man,” he said incredulously.  “But I usually just put my car in park.”
A guest in a posh hotel comes down to breakfast and called over the head waiter and read from the menu “I’d like one under cooked egg so that it’s running, and one over cooked egg that it’s tough and hard to eat.  I’d also like grilled bacon which is a bit on the cold side, burnt toast, butter straight from the freezer so that it’s impossible to spread, and a pot of very weak, lukewarm coffee.” that’s a complicated order sir, said the bewildered waiter.  “It might be quite difficult.”  The guest replied sarcastically, “It can’t be that difficult because that’s exactly what you brought me yesterday!”
Harry asked his wife:  Did your leave a tip for the boy who delivers our paper? His wife replies:  Yes, dear.  I put some of it in the bushes, some of it on the roof, and some of it in the front yard. 
Heaven is a place where: The lovers are Italian The cooks are French The mechanics are German The police are English, and  The government is run by the Swiss 
A Policeman stops a speeding car and tells the woman driver; When I saw you driving down the road, I thought to myself, “sixty-five at least.” The woman replied:  I don’t think that is quite fair.  I think this hat makes me look older. 
Student:  I would love for you to teach me a foreign language. Teacher:  Certainly. French, German, Russian, Italian, Spanish? Student:  Oh, which is the most foreign? 
What time does the library open? The voice on the phone asked.  “Nine A.M.” came the reply. And what is the idea of calling me at home in the middle of the night to ask such a question?  Asked the librarian “Not until nine A.M.?” the man asked in a disappointed voice. “No, not till nine A.M..!” the librarian said, “Why do you want to get in before nine A.M.?” “Who said I wanted to get in? The man sighed sadly. “I want to get out.”
At a fabric store, a pretty girl spots a nice material for a dress and asks the male clerk: How much does it costs?  “Only one kiss per yard,” replied the male clerk with a smirk. “That’s fine,” said the girl. I’ll take ten yards.”  With expectation and anticipation written all over his face, the clerk quickly measured out the cloth, wrapped it up, and then teasingly held it out.  The girl took the bag and pointed to the old man standing beside her, and smiled, “Grandpa will pay the bill.”
This old man was feared by all his neighbors because they believe he practiced black magic and was responsible for missing cats and dogs and strange sounds at all hours. Every time he had a confrontation with his wife, screams and yelling could be heard deep into the night along with the same statement. “When I die I will dig my way up and out of the grave to come back and haunt you for the rest of your life!”  Well he died abruptly under strange circumstances and the funeral had a closed casket.  After the burial, the wife went straight to the local bar and began to party as if there was no tomorrow.  The cheerfulness of her actions was becoming extreme while her neighbors approached in a group to ask these questions: are you not afraid? Worried? Concerned? That this man who practiced black magic and stated when he died he would dig his way up and out of the grave to come back and haunt you for the rest of your life?  The wife put down her drink and said, “Let the jerk dig.  I had him buried upside down.”
Hell is a place where: The lovers are Swiss The cooks are English The mechanics are French The police are German and  The government is run by the Italians 
Teacher: Now, you must not say, “I ain’t goin’.” You should say, “I am not going, he is not going; we are not going; they are not going.” Student: Wow! Ain’t nobody goin’ then? 
Teacher:  What are the four main food groups? Students:  Canned, frozen, instant, and lite. 
Officer at the shooting range:   Get ready, aim, fire at will. Soldier:  Which one is Will? 
Sergeant:  Private, I think the enemy soldiers are hiding in the wood.  I want you to go in there and flush them out for us. Private: Okay, sir, but if you see a bunch of guys running out the woods, don’t shoot the one in front. 
A young guy walks into a post office and sees a middle–aged, balding man standing at the counter methodically placing “Love” stamps on bright pink envelopes with hearts all over them.  He then takes out a perfume bottle and sprays scent all over them.  His curiosity getting the best of him, the guy goes up to the man and asks him what he is doing.  The man says, “I’m sending out a thousand Valentine cards signed, “Guess who?” “But why?” Asked the young guy. “I’m  a divorce lawyer,” the bald man replied. 
Patient: Oh, doctor, I have terrible troubles.  I do hope that you can help me Psychiatrist:  Now calm down.  Just lie down on the couch and tell me all about your troubles. Patient: Well, doctor, I have a duplex penthouse apartment in New York and a summer house on the beach at the Hampton.  I drive a Rolls-Royce, and my wife drives a Jaguar.  My two boys go to the best private school in the city.  We belong to three very swanky clubs, and every year I manage to spend a month in Europe. Psychiatrist: These things are very wonderful, but let’s get down to your basic problem. Patient:  I was just getting to it, doctor.   You see, I only make $100 a week! 
Did you hear about the two explorers, Bob and John who were going through the jungle when a ferocious lion jumped out in front of them?  Bob whispered to John to keep calm.  Bob asked John if he remembered what they had read in the book on wild animals.  “If you stand absolutely still and look the lion straight in the eye, he will turn tails and run away,” said Bob.  John said, “Fine.  You’ve read the book, I’ve read the book, but has the lion read the book?” 
Pilot: Have you ever flown in a small plane before? Passenger:  No, I have not. Pilot:  Well, here is some chewing gum.  It will help to keep your ears from popping. Pilot (after the plane landed):  Did the gum help? Passenger:  Yep.  It worked fine.  The only trouble is I can’t get the gum out of my ears. 
A young guy walks into a post office and sees a middle–aged, balding man standing at the counter methodically placing “Love” stamps on bright pink envelopes with hearts all over them.  He then takes out a perfume bottle and sprays scent all over them.  His curiosity getting the best of him, the guy goes up to the man and asks him what he is doing.  The man says, “I’m sending out a thousand Valentine cards signed, “Guess who?” “But why?” Asked the young guy. “I’m  a divorce lawyer,” the bald man replied. 
Hell is a place where: The lovers are Swiss The cooks are English The mechanics are French The police are German and  The government is run by the Italians 
Harry asked his wife:  Did your leave a tip for the boy who delivers our paper? His wife replies:  Yes, dear.  I put some of it in the bushes, some of it on the roof, and some of it in the front yard. 
Officer at the shooting range:   Get ready, aim, fire at will. Soldier:  Which one is Will? 
Sergeant:  Private, I think the enemy soldiers are hiding in the wood.  I want you to go in there and flush them out for us. Private: Okay, sir, but if you see a bunch of guys running out the woods, don’t shoot the one in front. 
Did you hear about the two explorers, Bob and John who were going through the jungle when a ferocious lion jumped out in front of them?  Bob whispered to John to keep calm.  Bob asked John if he remembered what they had read in the book on wild animals.  “If you stand absolutely still and look the lion straight in the eye, he will turn tails and run away,” said Bob.  John said, “Fine.  You’ve read the book, I’ve read the book, but has the lion read the book?” 
Pilot: Have you ever flown in a small plane before? Passenger:  No, I have not. Pilot:  Well, here is some chewing gum.  It will help to keep your ears from popping. Pilot (after the plane landed):  Did the gum help? Passenger:  Yep.  It worked fine.  The only trouble is I can’t get the gum out of my ears. 
Patient: Oh, doctor, I have terrible troubles.  I do hope that you can help me Psychiatrist:  Now calm down.  Just lie down on the couch and tell me all about your troubles. Patient: Well, doctor, I have a duplex penthouse apartment in New York and a summer house on the beach at the Hampton.  I drive a Rolls-Royce, and my wife drives a Jaguar.  My two boys go to the best private school in the city.  We belong to three very swanky clubs, and every year I manage to spend a month in Europe. Psychiatrist: These things are very wonderful, but let’s get down to your basic problem. Patient:  I was just getting to it, doctor.   You see, I only make $100 a week! 
Teacher:  What are the four main food groups? Students:  Canned, frozen, instant, and lite. 
A young and foolish pilot wanted to sound cool on the aviation frequencies. So, this was his first time approaching a field during the nighttime. Instead of making any official requests to the tower, he said: "Guess who?" The controller switched the field lights off and replied: "Guess where?"
An older man went to his doctor with a variety of complaints.  After examining him, the doctor said, "Well, you've got some problems, all right, but if you'd give up smoking, drinking, and chasing women, I think you'd last a good while longer."  "But Doc," answered the man, "I don't smoke, drink, or chase women."  "Oh," replied the doctor, "I'm sorry."  Moral: Keep some vices to give up in your old age.
Q: What did the traffic light say to the car? A: Don't look I'm changing! 
Heaven is a place where: The lovers are Italian The cooks are French The mechanics are German The police are English, and  The government is run by the Swiss 
A Policeman stops a speeding car and tells the woman driver, "When I saw you driving down the road, I thought to myself, 'sixty-five at least.'”  "SIXTY-FIVE!" shrieked the woman.  "Yes, sixty-five."  "I don’t think that is quite fair. I think this hat makes me look older." 
Student:  I would love for you to teach me a foreign language. Teacher:  Certainly. French, German, Russian, Italian, Spanish? Student:  Oh, which is the most foreign? 
Teacher: Now, you must not say, “I ain’t goin’.” You should say, “I am not going, he is not going; we are not going; they are not going.” Student: Wow! Ain’t nobody goin’ then? 
An older man went to his doctor with a variety of complaints.  After examining him, the doctor said, "Well, you've got some problems, all right, but if you'd give up smoking, drinking, and chasing women, I think you'd last a good while longer."  "But Doc," answered the man, "I don't smoke, drink, or chase women."  "Oh," replied the doctor, "I'm sorry."  Moral: Keep some vices to give up in your old age.
Q: What did the traffic light say to the car? A: Don't look I'm changing! 
A cocky State Highways employee stopped at a farm and talked with an old farmer. He told the farmer, "I need to inspect your farm for a possible new road."    The old farmer said, "OK, but don't go in that field." The Highways employee said, "I have the authority of the State Government to go where I want. See this card? I am allowed to go wherever I wish on farm land."    So the old farmer went about his farm chores.    Later, he heard loud screams and saw the State Highways employee running for the fence and close behind was the farmer's prize bull. The bull was madder than a nest full of hornets and the bull was gaining on the employee at every step!!    The old farmer called out, "Show him your card!!"  
A woman sadly tells her husband: We will not be together in heaven as we may die at different times my dear. After a pause her husband replied; my dear that is why the place is known as 'Heaven'.  
"An aide to the prime minister of Canada called President Bush a moron. Well that's not fair. Here's a guy who never worked a day in his life, got rich off his Dad's money, lost the popular vote and ended up president. That's not a moron, that's genius!"  Jay Leno
Q: Why did the man think that the moon was poor? A: It was down to its last quarter!
Q what do you call a fish with two knees A: A two knee fish! (tuna) 
One day while at her job as a bank loan officer, Patty Black, had a frog hop onto her desk and say, "I would like to apply for a lily-pad improvement loan."  Patty looked incredulously at the frog and said, "I'm sorry, we don't loan money to frogs."  To which the frog replied, "I have collateral," as he handed her a small ceramic trinket.  Not wanting to be impolite, Patty said, "I don't know.  I'll have to talk to the bank manager."  She walked back to the manager's office and said, "There is a frog out here, asking for a lily-pad improvement loan, and this trinket is all he has for collateral."  The bank manager picked up the trinket and looked at it carefully.  Then smiling he turned to Patty and said, "Why it's a knick-knack, Patty Black.  Give the frog a loan."  
One day while at her job as a bank loan officer, Patty Black, had a frog hop onto her desk and say, "I would like to apply for a lily-pad improvement loan."  Patty looked incredulously at the frog and said, "I'm sorry, we don't loan money to frogs."  To which the frog replied, "I have collateral," as he handed her a small ceramic trinket.  Not wanting to be impolite, Patty said, "I don't know.  I'll have to talk to the bank manager."  She walked back to the manager's office and said, "There is a frog out here, asking for a lily-pad improvement loan, and this trinket is all he has for collateral."  The bank manager picked up the trinket and looked at it carefully.  Then smiling he turned to Patty and said, "Why it's a knick-knack, Patty Black.  Give the frog a loan."  
You know how to catch a nice big trout?  You look for a place in the stream where there's a sunken log or hole where the big ones like to hang out.  Every day for a week, you throw in a handful of worms and a sugar cookie.  On the last day, you just throw in the worms.  When the trout sticks his head out of the water to see what happened to the sugar cookie, you hit him over the head with a baseball bat!
An eighty-year-old man went to his doctor to complain about pain in one knee.  The doctor examined it gently and said, "Well, you know that knee is eighty years old.  You can't expect too much."  "That's true," the man agreed; "but Doc, so is the other one and it's not bothering me like this one!" 
Three medical students were discussing what specialties they were planning to go into when they finished school.  One said, "I want to be a brain surgeon.  That's the frontier, the cutting edge of medicine, where so many discoveries are being made."  The second said, "I want to be a heart surgeon.  There are so many people who need that kind of help; look at all the good I could do."  The third said he wanted to be a dermatologist.  When the others had finished laughing, they asked him why on earth he wanted to be a skin doctor.  "Listen," he replied.  "Your patients never die, they never get well, and they never get you up at night."
A man came to the emergency room with a series of long, jagged tear marks on his cheek and neck, as though he had been clawed by some large animal.  "What happened to you?" asked the doctor who was examining him.  "Chain saw accident," the man replied.  "Well, you're lucky," the doctor said; "I've seen worse."  "It wasn't turned on," the man replied.
In Australia, a race was proclaimed, with a huge payoff for the winner. The one stipulation was that only ostriches were allowed to run the race. A fellow decided to enter, but not having an ostrich, and hearing that the fastest ostrich in the world was the mascot of the local police department, he stole the bird and entered the race. As luck would have it, when the pistol shot went off to start the race, the ostrich buried its head in the sand and the fellow lost the race.  Moral: Never run afoul of the law! 
A blonde called her new boss to explain there was a problem with her check. In checking the timesheets the boss noticed that she had not punched in since her first day of orientation. He tried to explain that her check was right since she had only worked the one day for the company. The blonde went on insisting that her check was short, and that the company apparently had problems with their math in figuring out her check. She asked her boss how many days were in a year. He said there are 365. She asked if he knew how many weeks were in a year. And he replied there are 52. She went on to say that since there are 52 weeks per year in which she had 2 weekend days off per week, leaving 261 days available for work. Since she was scheduled to work 8 hours a day, she spent 16 hours each day away from work, and that added up 170 days, leaving only 91 days for work. She went on to explain that during the day she spent in company orientation she learned that the company allowed her 30 minutes each day for her two coffee breaks, which counts for 23 days each year, leaving only 68 days for work.  Orientation also informed her that she would be given a 1-hour lunch each day, which used up another 46 days, leaving only 22 days available for work. The company also allowed 2 days per year for sick leave, leaving her only 20 days per year to work. The company additionally allowed her to be off 5 holidays per year, bringing her available working time down to 15 days. Then there were the 14 days vacation the company so generously allowed all employees which leaves only 1 day for her to work ... and well, the boss has already conceded that she did time in and out on her orientation day, so would he please get her check corrected. And if it would be easier for the accounting department ... they could go ahead and make it out for her yearly salary, since she had obviously already put in her share of work for that year.
A man with a piece of paper in his hand comes into an office where another man is sitting next to a shredding machine.  "Do you know how to operate this thing?" he asks.  "I have an important paper here and I want to make sure this is done right."  "Sure," the other man answers.  "Just put the paper in here and press this button."  The first man does so, saying, "Great.  And where do the copies come out?"
Bumper sticker: "Last Christmas I got a new rifle for my wife.  Good trade, don't you think?"
A man was cleaning out old clothes from his closet, planning to give them to charity.  In the pocket of a suit coat he found a shoe-repair ticket, about ten years old.  "I believe that place is still in business," he thought, so he went down to the shop.  Without saying anything, he presented the ticket.  The man behind the counter looked at the number and said, "I'll have them for you tomorrow."
Three Texas cowboys went to a steakhouse to eat.  Each was trying to impress the others.  The first man ordered his steak "rare -- red rare."  The second said, "Just pass mine through the flames and singe it a little.  I want to see blood dripping out of it."  Not to be outdone, the third man said, "Aw, just turn the bull loose and I'll tear off a hunk as he goes by."
An eighty-year-old man went to his doctor to complain about pain in one knee.  The doctor examined it gently and said, "Well, you know that knee is eighty years old.  You can't expect too much."  "That's true," the man agreed; "but Doc, so is the other one and it's not bothering me like this one!" 
Three medical students were discussing what specialties they were planning to go into when they finished school.  One said, "I want to be a brain surgeon.  That's the frontier, the cutting edge of medicine, where so many discoveries are being made."  The second said, "I want to be a heart surgeon.  There are so many people who need that kind of help; look at all the good I could do."  The third said he wanted to be a dermatologist.  When the others had finished laughing, they asked him why on earth he wanted to be a skin doctor.  "Listen," he replied.  "Your patients never die, they never get well, and they never get you up at night."
A man came to the emergency room with a series of long, jagged tear marks on his cheek and neck, as though he had been clawed by some large animal.  "What happened to you?" asked the doctor who was examining him.  "Chain saw accident," the man replied.  "Well, you're lucky," the doctor said; "I've seen worse."  "It wasn't turned on," the man replied.
A man was cleaning out old clothes from his closet, planning to give them to charity.  In the pocket of a suit coat he found a shoe-repair ticket, about ten years old.  "I believe that place is still in business," he thought, so he went down to the shop.  Without saying anything, he presented the ticket.  The man behind the counter looked at the number and said, "I'll have them for you tomorrow."
A blonde called her new boss to explain there was a problem with her check. In checking the timesheets the boss noticed that she had not punched in since her first day of orientation. He tried to explain that her check was right since she had only worked the one day for the company. The blonde went on insisting that her check was short, and that the company apparently had problems with their math in figuring out her check. She asked her boss how many days were in a year. He said there are 365. She asked if he knew how many weeks were in a year. And he replied there are 52. She went on to say that since there are 52 weeks per year in which she had 2 weekend days off per week, leaving 261 days available for work. Since she was scheduled to work 8 hours a day, she spent 16 hours each day away from work, and that added up 170 days, leaving only 91 days for work. She went on to explain that during the day she spent in company orientation she learned that the company allowed her 30 minutes each day for her two coffee breaks, which counts for 23 days each year, leaving only 68 days for work.  Orientation also informed her that she would be given a 1-hour lunch each day, which used up another 46 days, leaving only 22 days available for work. The company also allowed 2 days per year for sick leave, leaving her only 20 days per year to work. The company additionally allowed her to be off 5 holidays per year, bringing her available working time down to 15 days. Then there were the 14 days vacation the company so generously allowed all employees which leaves only 1 day for her to work ... and well, the boss has already conceded that she did time in and out on her orientation day, so would he please get her check corrected. And if it would be easier for the accounting department ... they could go ahead and make it out for her yearly salary, since she had obviously already put in her share of work for that year.
A Defendant in a court case was in a precarious situation regarding his Federal indictment, and the subsequent preponderance of evidence of his guilt. The day of his appearance on the witness stand, the bailiff had sworn him in for his testimony and he was asked to swear on a Bible that he was telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. The Defendant answered in his customary evasive style, "Show me the part of the Bible where there is a spelling error, and I will swear on that".
A student burst into his professor’s office and says; "Professor Stigler, I don't believe I deserve this F you've given me."  To which Stigler replied, "I agree, but unfortunately it is the lowest grade the University will allow me to award." 
Phil and Will built a skating rink in the middle of a pasture on a cold winter.  A shepherd leading his flock decided to take a shortcut    across the rink. The sheep, however, were afraid of the ice and    wouldn't cross it. Desperate, the shepherd began tugging them to the    other side. "Look at that," remarked Phil to Will. "That guy is   trying to pull  the wool over our ice."  
Dieters know this: A waist is a terrible thing to mind!
A man with a piece of paper in his hand comes into an office where another man is sitting next to a shredding machine.  "Do you know how to operate this thing?" he asks.  "I have an important paper here and I want to make sure this is done right."  "Sure," the other man answers.  "Just put the paper in here and press this button."  The first man does so, saying, "Great.  And where do the copies come out?"
Bumper sticker: "Last Christmas I got a new rifle for my wife.  Good trade, don't you think?"
You know how to catch a nice big trout?  You look for a place in the stream where there's a sunken log or hole where the big ones like to hang out.  Every day for a week, you throw in a handful of worms and a sugar cookie.  On the last day, you just throw in the worms.  When the trout sticks his head out of the water to see what happened to the sugar cookie, you hit him over the head with a baseball bat!
Three Texas cowboys went to a steakhouse to eat.  Each was trying to impress the others.  The first man ordered his steak "rare -- red rare."  The second said, "Just pass mine through the flames and singe it a little.  I want to see blood dripping out of it."  Not to be outdone, the third man said, "Aw, just turn the bull loose and I'll tear off a hunk as he goes by."
Q.  What is the true definition of a diplomat? A.  It is a person who can tell someone to go to Hell and they would look forward to the trip.
Notice to Employees (Includes Temporary and Part Time Staff)   SICKNESS  We will no longer accept your doctors' notes as proof.  We believe if you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to work.  LEAVE OF ABSENCE FOR SURGERY  We are no longer allowing this practice. As long as you are employed here, you will need all of whatever you have and should not consider having anything removed. We hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we bargained for. Anyone having any type of surgery will be FIRED immediately.  PREGNANCY  In the event of extreme pregnancy, you will be allowed to go to the first aid room when the pains are FIVE MINUTES apart. If it is false labor, you will have to take an hour's leave without pay.   DEATH  This will be accepted as an excuse, BUT we would like two weeks notice, as we feel it is your duty to teach someone your job prior to . . . or after death.   This new benefit program goes into effect immediately.   The Management 
Q. Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants when he went golfing?  A. In case he got a "hole in one". 
It was rumored that a particular Native American had a fantastic memory. Hundreds of people asked the American questions which he was able to answer. A skeptical young man set out to find this American. When he did find the American he thought he'd set a test. After standing in a long queue of people asking questions it was finally his turn. He asked the American what he had had for breakfast 10 years ago. The American replied: eggs. The young man went off not entirely satisfied because there was no evidence to prove that the answer was correct. Ten years later the man comes across the Native American again. Very pleased to see him he comes along to the American and greets him in the traditional "How". The American looks up at him, pauses for a moment and then replies: Scrambled. 
A guy and a girl are having a drink together in a bar. The man raises his glass and says, "Here's hoping you're in Heaven ten minutes before the devil knows you're dead!" "What's that mean?" asks the girl. "That," answers her date, "is an authentic Irish toast." "Oh.  Well, here's to bread, eggs and cinnamon." What's that?" asked the guy.   The girl says, "That's French toast."  
Dieters know this: A waist is a terrible thing to mind!
Two men out fishing for carp. One fellow stands up and as he does, his wallet falls out of his pocket and slowly sinks in the lake. As he tries to retrieve it, two huge carp show up and start fighting over possession of the wallet. The fellow turns to his comrade and states "First time I've seen carp to carp walleting!"
Did you hear about this group of professional nannies that have formed a business, similar to the TV show called "The Nanny," where they go into people's homes and help parents with out-of-control children?    The name of their new business: The "SWAT" Team 
A doctor taking care of his last appointment of the day gives this man a thorough exam and finds him in optimal health.  As the man is going out the door, he had a heart attack and died.  The doctor looks at the man and tells the nurse, “help me turn him around to it looks like he was just coming in.”
A boy was having a lot of difficulty in French class.  To encourage him, his teacher said, "You'll know you're really beginning to get it when you start dreaming in French."    The boy ran into class all excited one day, saying, "Teacher, teacher!  I had a dream last night and everyone was talking in French!"  "Great!" said the teacher; "what were they saying?"  "I don't know," the boy replied; "I couldn't understand them." 
A man walks into a barber shop and asks; “how much for a hair cut?”  The barber said $12.50.  The man asks; “and how much for a shave?”  The barber said $1.50. The man then says SHAVE IT ALL.
Two men are drinking in a bar.  One turns to the other and says, "I bet you $100 that I can bite my eye."  The second fellow thinks to himself, I guess he's had about enough, so he replies, "OK, you're on."  The first man takes out his glass eye and bites it.  So the second man has to pay.  Awhile later the first man says, "I bet you $100 I can bite my other eye."  The second man thinks, well, he can't have TWO glass eyes; he obviously can see.  So he says, "All right, you're on."  The second man promptly takes out his false teeth and bites his other eye.
Two men are drinking in a bar.  The first man tries to strike up a conversation with the second, but the second man says, "I'm sorry, I can't hear you; I'm deaf."  So the first man pulls out a pad of paper and a pencil, and they get a lively conversation going on paper.  Soon a third man joins them, and all three are conversing on paper.  By and by the deaf man leaves, and the two hearing men continue their conversation -- on paper.
A young man driving his convertible car with his loud music and cool demeanor pulls up to a stop light next to this young mother and 4 year old son.  The little boy looks at the man and turns to his mom and says; “poor man his car is broken.”
Two men are drinking in a bar.  One turns to the other and says, "I bet you $100 that I can bite my eye."  The second fellow thinks to himself, I guess he's had about enough, so he replies, "OK, you're on."  The first man takes out his glass eye and bites it.  So the second man has to pay.  Awhile later the first man says, "I bet you $100 I can bite my other eye."  The second man thinks, well, he can't have TWO glass eyes; he obviously can see.  So he says, "All right, you're on."  The second man promptly takes out his false teeth and bites his other eye.
Two men are drinking in a bar.  The first man tries to strike up a conversation with the second, but the second man says, "I'm sorry, I can't hear you; I'm deaf."  So the first man pulls out a pad of paper and a pencil, and they get a lively conversation going on paper.  Soon a third man joins them, and all three are conversing on paper.  By and by the deaf man leaves, and the two hearing men continue their conversation -- on paper.
A doctor taking care of his last appointment of the day gives this man a thorough exam and finds him in optimal health.  As the man is going out the door, he had a heart attack and died.  The doctor looks at the man and tells the nurse, “help me turn him around to it looks like he was just coming in.”
A boy was having a lot of difficulty in French class.  To encourage him, his teacher said, "You'll know you're really beginning to get it when you start dreaming in French."    The boy ran into class all excited one day, saying, "Teacher, teacher!  I had a dream last night and everyone was talking in French!"  "Great!" said the teacher; "what were they saying?"  "I don't know," the boy replied; "I couldn't understand them." 
A man walks into a barber shop and asks; “how much for a hair cut?”  The barber said $12.50.  The man asks; “and how much for a shave?”  The barber said $1.50. The man then says SHAVE IT ALL.
A suggestion from a Human Resources Manager:  HOW TO PROPERLY PLACE NEW EMPLOYEES . . .  1. Put 400 bricks in a closed room. 2. Put your new hires in the room and close the door. 3. Leave them alone and come back after 6 hours. 4. Then analyze the situation: a. If they are counting the bricks, put them in the Accounting Department. b. If they are recounting them, put them in Auditing. c. If they have messed up the whole place with the bricks, put them in Engineering. d. If they are arranging the bricks in some strange order, put them in Planning. e. If they are throwing the bricks at each other, put them in Operations. f. If they are sleeping, put them in Security. g. If they have broken the bricks into pieces, put them in Information Technology. h. If they are sitting idle, put them in Human Resources. i. If they say they have tried different combinations, they are looking for more, yet not a brick has been moved, put them in Sales. j. If they have already left for the day, put them in Management. k. If they are staring out of the window, put them in Strategic Planning. l. If they are talking to each other, and not a single brick has been moved, congratulate them and put them in Top Management. m. Finally, if they have surrounded themselves with bricks in such a way that they can neither be seen nor heard from, put them in Congress. 
At a Sunday school class the teacher asked a child; do you pray to God before lunch or dinner?  The child said, “No ma'am, my moms a good cook!” 
In a circus stunt, a lady and a lion were kissing each other inside a cage. Ring master proudly challenged the audience "Can anyone do it?" One person from the audience slowly answered "I can, but first take the stupid Lion out" 
A tactical wife is one who makes sure she spends so much on herself that her husband can't afford another woman.
A wise man once said ...... go ask a woman
Bubba and Billy were driving down the road while drinking beer when they spotted a roadblock ahead. "We're gonna get busted," whimpered Billy. "Don't worry," said Bubba. "We'll just pull over and finish drinkin' these beers, then peel off the label and stick it on our foreheads and then toss the bottles under the seat. Just let me do the talking." They downed the beer, threw the empties out of sight and put the labels on their foreheads. When they reached the roadblock, the police officer asked, "You boys been drinking?" "No, sir," said Bubba, pointing at the labels. "Me and Billy are on the patch."
A wise man once said ...... go ask a woman
It was the first day of school after summer vacation. The kids had all arrived in the high school sophomore English class, and were chatting away, making new friends. THEN…In walked a very stern looking English teacher and a hush fell over the room as the kids scurried to their seats.  The stern teacher silently panned his gaze across all the kids. After about a minute or so, he spoke... "From the outset, I want you all to know that there are two words that are absolutely unacceptable in this classroom. You cannot use them as you recite, or in any of your papers, tests, or homework.    Using these words even once, will get you a failing grade for that quarter.  The first one is "gross" And the other one is "cool" Are there any questions?"  After a few moments of silence, this gawky teen at the back of the room raises his hand, and the teacher calls upon him. In a pubescent croaking voice, the kid asks...  "So, what are they?" 
There once was a man who went on a job interview. His resume was very impressive, and the interviewer was ready to hire the man. There was one problem. “There is a period of five years missing from your resume. What were you doing then?" the interviewer asked. The man replied, “Oh... I was in Yale"  (jail) The interviewer was quite impressed. “That’s excellent! You're hired!" The man exclaimed, “Yippee... I got the ‘yob’!" (job)
TEACHER: Donald, what is the chemical formula for water? DONALD: H I J K L M N O. TEACHER: What are you talking about? DONALD: Yesterday you said it's H to O. 
TEACHER: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating? SIMON: No sir, I don't have to, my Mom is a good cook. 
In a Classroom the teacher asks; Maria, go to the map and find North America MARIA: Here it is. TEACHER: Correct. Now class, who discovered America? CLASS: Maria. 
A big group of hunters were in the middle of the jungle and decided to split into smaller groups. Four fools decided to form one of the smaller groups and started walking.   After a while, one of them realized they were quite far away from the main group, and that they couldn't possibly find the way back. One of the other fools says to the other three: "I've heard that whenever you can't find your group, what you have to do is to shoot three times to the air and wait for someone to find you" They shoot three times to the air, wait a while, but nothing happens. So they shoot three more times to the air but, again, no one comes to help them. After trying three shots more the fool says: "I hope this time someone can find us... that was my last arrow" 
TEACHER: Clyde, your composition on "My Dog" is exactly the same as your  brother's. Did you copy his? CLYDE: No, teacher, it's the same dog. 
TEACHER: Why are you late, Frank? FRANK: Because of the sign. TEACHER: What sign? FRANK: The one that says, "School Ahead, Go Slow." 
TEACHER: Millie, give me a sentence starting with "I".  MILLIE: I is...  TEACHER: No, Millie... Always say, "I am."  MILLIE: All right... "I am the ninth letter of the alphabet." 
TEACHER: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating? SIMON: No sir, I don't have to, my Mom is a good cook. 
TEACHER: Donald, what is the chemical formula for water? DONALD: H I J K L M N O. TEACHER: What are you talking about? DONALD: Yesterday you said it's H to O. 
In a Classroom the teacher asks; Maria, go to the map and find North America MARIA: Here it is. TEACHER: Correct. Now class, who discovered America? CLASS: Maria. 
TEACHER: Clyde, your composition on "My Dog" is exactly the same as your  brother's. Did you copy his? CLYDE: No, teacher, it's the same dog. 
TEACHER: Why are you late, Frank? FRANK: Because of the sign. TEACHER: What sign? FRANK: The one that says, "School Ahead, Go Slow." 
In response to Bill's comments, General Motors issued a press release (by Mr. Welch himself) stating:  If GM had developed technology like Microsoft, we would all be driving cars with the following characteristics:  1. For no reason at all, your car would crash twice a day.  2. Every time they repainted the lines on the road, you would have to buy a new car.  3. Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left-turn would cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart, and you would have to reinstall the engine.  4. When your car died on the freeway for no reason, you would just accept this, restart and drive on.  5. Only one person at a time could use the car, unless you bought 'Car95' or 'CarNT', and then added more seats.  6. Apple would make a car powered by the sun, reliable, five times as fast, and twice as easy to drive, but would run on only five per cent of the roads.  7. Oil, water temperature and alternator warning lights would be replaced by a single 'general car default' warning light.  8. New seats would force every-one to have the same size butt.  9. The airbag would say 'Are you sure?' before going off.  10. Occasionally, for no reason, your car would lock you out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted the door handle, turned the key, and grabbed the radio antenna.  11. GM would require all car buyers to also purchase a deluxe set of road maps from Rand-McNally (a subsidiary of GM), even though they neither need them nor want them. Trying to delete this option would immediately cause the car's performance to diminish by 50 per cent or more. Moreover, GM would become a target for investigation by the Justice Department.  12. Every time GM introduced a new model, car buyers would have to learn how to drive all over again because none of the controls would operate in the same manner as the old car.  13. You would press the 'start' button to shut off the engine. 
Money can't buy happiness but it keeps the kids in touch!
I just bought 500 sadam t-shirts, they're a bit tight around the neck nut, but they hang well!
Q. When does a job get complete in Government? A. When it can no longer be postponed. 
A deer hunter at a hunting camp bagged two deer, one more than the limit.  He called his wife ask her to go to the local sporting goods store to get a hunting license in her name and bring it to the hunting camp.   While getting the license she took up conversation with a man who happened to be the Game Warden.  "A wonderful thing happened to my husband...he shot two deer, and he wants me to bring this license up to his camp," she said.  "What say, Mam, that we go up there and we'll BOTH congratulate him," he replied. 
Q: Why did the goose cross the road? A: Because the chicken was on vacation 
 Have you heard that a company has come out with a new cell phone made just for senior citizens? It not only has bigger numbers, rotary dial and the best feature; it has less memory. 
After hitting his 7th ball into the water on the 4th hole, a father turns to his son and says, "It takes a lot of ball to play golf the way I do."
Read this from Readers Digest a long time ago: One day a Cowpoke riding the plains, came upon a warrior with his head down on the ground with his ear on a wagon track, the warrior looked up at the cowpoke and said" Wagon with two horses, one black, one white, man with beard drive, smoke pipe, women ride, wear blue dress with bonnet" the cowpoke looks at the warrior and said" you mean you can tell me all that just by listening to a wagon track? The warrior looked up and replied, "No! Run over me half hour ago...
A preacher was standing at the pulpit giving his Sunday sermon when a note was passed to him. The only word written on the sheet was IDIOT. Looking up at the congregation, the preacher smiled and said: I have heard of men who write letters and forget to sign their names but this is the first time I will see a man sign his name and forget to write the letters.
A man was sent to prison for 20 years. He was so bored while in there; he found an ant and decided to teach it tricks - like beg, play dead, roll over, jump hair etc. He served his time and was released. He took his ant with him in a matchbox. The first place he went was to a bar. He sat down, took out the matchbox and emptied out the ant. He then said to the guy beside him, "you are not gonna believe what this ant can do". He showed him all the tricks and the guy was impressed. He told him that he could make a fortune with the ant. The guy with the ant was excited and called the bartender over and said "you see that ant?" The bartender put his finger on the ant, twisted it and said "sorry sir it won't happen again."
Two old friends met by chance on the street.   After chatting for some time one said to the other, "I'm terribly sorry, but I've forgotten your name. You'll need to tell me".  The other stared at him thoughtfully for a long time, then replied, "How soon do you need to know?" 
A big group of hunters were in the middle of the jungle and decided to split into smaller groups. Four fools decided to form one of the smaller groups and started walking.   After a while, one of them realized they were quite far away from the main group, and that they couldn't possibly find the way back. One of the other fools says to the other three: "I've heard that whenever you can't find your group, what you have to do is to shoot three times to the air and wait for someone to find you" They shoot three times to the air, wait a while, but nothing happens. So they shoot three more times to the air but, again, no one comes to help them. After trying three shots more the fool says: "I hope this time someone can find us... that was my last arrow" 
After hitting his 7th ball into the water on the 4th hole, a father turns to his son and says, "It takes a lot of ball to play golf the way I do."
A pick pocket was pronounced guilty and sentenced to pay a $200 fine by the judge. His defense lawyer, knowing that his client could not pay the fine, pleaded with the judge asking, “Your honor, my client can only afford $50. But if you allow him a few minutes in the crowd…"  
I just bought 500 sadam t-shirts, they're a bit tight around the neck nut, but they hang well!
A man sat down and was seriously staring at the marriage certificate, after a long time his wife asked, “What are you looking for? He replied, “The expiration date.”  
Q. How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb? A. Just one, but that light bulb really has to want to change! 
Q. What do you call a polar bear with ear muffs? A. Anything you want, he can’t hear you! 
The olympian skier Picabo Street now works in the Intensive Care Unit at a hospital. Unfortunately, the administration told her she can no longer answer the phone, because this is what she said, "Picabo ICU" (Peek-a-boo, I see you)
Patient: Doctor, doctor I have only 58 seconds to live!!!!!! Doctor: I’ll be with you in a minute 
A man is driving down a country road, when he spots a farmer standing in the middle of a huge field of grass. He pulls the car over to the side of the road and notices that the farmer is just standing there, doing nothing, looking at nothing.  The man gets out of the car, walks all the way out to the farmer and asks him, "Ah excuse me mister, but what are you doing?  “The farmer replies, "I'm trying to win a Nobel Prize."   “How?" asks the man, puzzled.  “Well, I heard they give the Nobel Prize . . . to people who are out standing in their field."
A psychiatrist's secretary walks into his study and says,  "There's a gentleman in the waiting room asking to see you.  Claims he's invisible."  The psychiatrist responds, "Tell him I can't see him." 
A wise old gentleman retired and purchased a modest home near a junior high school.  He spent the first few weeks of his retirement in peace and contentment. Then a new school year began. The very next afternoon three young boys, full of youthful, after-school enthusiasm, came down his street, beating merrily on every trashcan they encountered. The crashing percussion continued day after day, until finally the wise old man decided it was time to take some action.  The next afternoon, he walked out to meet the young percussionists as they banged their way down the street. Stopping them, he said, "You kids are a lot of fun. I like to see you express your exuberance like that. In fact, I used to do the same thing when I was your age. Will you do me a favor? I'll give you each a dollar if you'll promise to come around every day and do your thing." The kids were elated and continued to do a bang-up job on the trashcans.  After a few days, the old-timer greeted the kids again, but this time he had a sad smile on his face.   "This recession's really putting a big dent in my income," he told them. "From now on, I'll only be able to pay you 50 cents to beat on the cans."  The noisemakers were obviously displeased, but they did accept his offer and continued their afternoon ruckus. A few days later, the wily retiree approached them again as they drummed their way down the street.  "Look," he said, "I haven't received my Social Security check yet, so I'm not going to be able to give you more than 25 cents. Will that be okay?"   "A lousy quarter?" the drum leader exclaimed. "If you think we're going to waste our time, beating these cans around for a quarter, you're nuts! No way, mister. We quit!"   And the old man enjoyed peace. 
Columbus Day always reminds me of the brave exploration party Columbus assembled in 1492, with all four ships sailing off into the unknown.  You remember the names of his four ships:  The Nina, the Pinta, the Santa Maria and the Clyde.  You don't hear too much about the Clyde anymore, since that's the one that sailed over the edge.
There was an inn keeper who urgently needed to expand his parking lot due to his business's growing needs.  However, the lot next to his, which he had purchased, was covered with tree saplings and the city had an ordinance against bulldozing trees.  The inn keeper was a powerful man on the city council and was friends with all of its members.  He brought up an amendment to the council to allow him to bulldoze the saplings so he could pave it for his new lot.  Was he successful?  No, the   "infant tree's"   always beat the   "Inn's urgency".
Abu al-Zarqawi died, George Washington met him at the Pearly Gates.   He slapped him across the face and yelled, "How dare you try to destroy the nation I helped conceive!"     Patrick Henry approached, punched him in the nose and shouted, "You wanted to end our liberties but you failed!"     James Madison followed, kicked him in the groin and said, "This is why I allowed our government to provide for the common defense!"     Thomas Jefferson was next, beat al-Zarqawi with a long cane and snarled  "It was Evil men like you who inspired me to write the Declaration of Independence."     The beatings and thrashings continued as George Mason, James Monroe and 66 other early Americans unleashed their anger on the terrorist Leader.     As al-Zarqawi lay bleeding and in pain, an Angel appeared.  Al-Zarqawi wept and said, "This is not what you promised me."     The Angel replied, "I told you there would be 72 Virginians waiting for you in Heaven. What did you think I said?"   
An old man always had his dog chained up, and one day he decided to take the dog out hunting with him.  Since the dog has been chained up for so long it ran for a chance at freedom.  The man ran after the dog hoping to catch it.  The dog ran over a cliff. The man said, "dog gone it."
 I’m Tired!  Yes, I’m tired. For several years I’ve been blaming it on getting older, lack of sleep, weekend projects, stale office air, poor nutrition, carrying extra pounds, raising a family, recent colds, and a dozen other reasons that make you wonder why life is getting rough.     .  But now I found out what’s really happening! I’m tired because I’m overworked. The population of the USA reached 300 million last October. 79 million of the populations are retired. That leaves 221 million to do the work. There are 19 million toddlers and 76 million students in schools, which leave 126 million to do the work. Of that total, 21 million are unemployed leaving 105 million to do the work.   Then you take away 34 million in hospitals and that leaves 71 million to do the work. 43 million are in prisons and that’s 28 million left to do the work. Now take away 14,683,468 federal, 5,344,722 state and 5,370,743 city workers who run our government and you’re left with 2,601,067 to do the work. Take away the 2,601,065 people in the armed forces and that leaves just two people to do the work - You and Me! And you’re just sitting there reading this!  No wonder I’m tired!!!  
Two brothers were raised on a farm, one brother moved to town. Every year, the city brother would come out to visit the farmer brother. Every time he came out, the farmer brother was complaining about his crops. It was too hot or too cold, too wet or too dry, prices were low, the crops looked bad. As the city brother was driving out one year, he noticed the crops looking great. He had the radio on and crops were hitting an all time high. As he got out to the farm, here was the farmer brother sitting in a rocking chair with a grumpy looking on his face. The city brother asked why he was in a bad mood.  The crops looked great, the right amount of rain, temp., and prices were setting records highs. The farmer brother said, you know what a crop like this takes out of the soil?
Two brothers were raised on a farm, one brother moved to town. Every year, the city brother would come out to visit the farmer brother. Every time he came out, the farmer brother was complaining about his crops. It was too hot or too cold, too wet or too dry, prices were low, the crops looked bad. As the city brother was driving out one year, he noticed the crops looking great. He had the radio on and crops were hitting an all time high. As he got out to the farm, here was the farmer brother sitting in a rocking chair with a grumpy looking on his face. The city brother asked why he was in a bad mood.  The crops looked great, the right amount of rain, temp., and prices were setting records highs. The farmer brother said, you know what a crop like this takes out of the soil?
 I’m Tired!  Yes, I’m tired. For several years I’ve been blaming it on getting older, lack of sleep, weekend projects, stale office air, poor nutrition, carrying extra pounds, raising a family, recent colds, and a dozen other reasons that make you wonder why life is getting rough.     .  But now I found out what’s really happening! I’m tired because I’m overworked. The population of the USA reached 300 million last October. 79 million of the populations are retired. That leaves 221 million to do the work. There are 19 million toddlers and 76 million students in schools, which leave 126 million to do the work. Of that total, 21 million are unemployed leaving 105 million to do the work.   Then you take away 34 million in hospitals and that leaves 71 million to do the work. 43 million are in prisons and that’s 28 million left to do the work. Now take away 14,683,468 federal, 5,344,722 state and 5,370,743 city workers who run our government and you’re left with 2,601,067 to do the work. Take away the 2,601,065 people in the armed forces and that leaves just two people to do the work - You and Me! And you’re just sitting there reading this!  No wonder I’m tired!!!  
There was an inn keeper who urgently needed to expand his parking lot due to his business's growing needs.  However, the lot next to his, which he had purchased, was covered with tree saplings and the city had an ordinance against bulldozing trees.  The inn keeper was a powerful man on the city council and was friends with all of its members.  He brought up an amendment to the council to allow him to bulldoze the saplings so he could pave it for his new lot.  Was he successful?  No, the   "infant tree's"   always beat the   "Inn's urgency".
An old man always had his dog chained up, and one day he decided to take the dog out hunting with him.  Since the dog has been chained up for so long it ran for a chance at freedom.  The man ran after the dog hoping to catch it.  The dog ran over a cliff. The man said, "dog gone it."
One day two little boys were arguing about religion.  The one boy said Protestants are better than Catholics. The other boy said Catholics were better than Protestants. The one Protestant boy said, "Oh Yeah. I bet you don't even know the lord's middle name". The Catholic boy says, "The Lord doesn't have a middle name". "Oh yes he does" said the Protestant boy. The Catholic says, "Ok what is it"? The little Protestant boy says, "That's easy". Haven't you ever said the Lord's Prayer where it says, "Our father who art in heaven, Howard be thy name."
A football coach walked into the locker room before a big game, looked over to his star player and said, "I'm not supposed to let you play since you failed math, but we really need you in there. So, what I have to do is ask you a math question, and if you get it right, you can play."   The player agreed, so the coach looked into his eyes intently and asked, - "Okay, now concentrate hard and tell me the answer to this: What is two plus two?"   The player thought for a moment and then answered, "4?"  "Did you say 4?" the coach exclaimed, excited that he had given the right answer.   Suddenly, all the other players on the team began screaming, "Come on coach, give him another chance!"  
For his entire working life, a dedicated and hardworking Astrophysicist tried in all earnest to find the existence of other being somewhere in the universe. After 58 years of constant effort, he finally receives a response from a planet 30 billion light years away.   “What is your planet like?” groaned the extraterrestrial from the other side of the Galaxy.   “It is 12,756 Kilometers in diameter, is 93,000,000 miles from the nearest star, our sun, has an average temperature of 72 degrees F. We breathe oxygen, live about 75 years, and have both men and women” answered the Physicist.   “Do the you get along with the women on your planet?” the extraterrestrial asked slowly.   Puzzled by the question, but not wanting to insult the female Physicists near by, he answered “Why yes. We get along quite well here.”   The extraterrestrial perked up “Can we send you ours?” 
Abu al-Zarqawi died, George Washington met him at the Pearly Gates.   He slapped him across the face and yelled, "How dare you try to destroy the nation I helped conceive!"     Patrick Henry approached, punched him in the nose and shouted, "You wanted to end our liberties but you failed!"     James Madison followed, kicked him in the groin and said, "This is why I allowed our government to provide for the common defense!"     Thomas Jefferson was next, beat al-Zarqawi with a long cane and snarled  "It was Evil men like you who inspired me to write the Declaration of Independence."     The beatings and thrashings continued as George Mason, James Monroe and 66 other early Americans unleashed their anger on the terrorist Leader.     As al-Zarqawi lay bleeding and in pain, an Angel appeared.  Al-Zarqawi wept and said, "This is not what you promised me."     The Angel replied, "I told you there would be 72 Virginians waiting for you in Heaven. What did you think I said?"   
  Friendship between women: A woman doesn’t come home one night. The next day she tells her husband that she had slept over at a girlfriend's house.  The husband calls his wife's 10 best friends. None of them know anything about it.   Friendship between men: A man doesn’t come home one night. The next day he tells his wife that he had slept over at a friend’s house. The wife calls her husband's 10 best men friends. Eight of them confirm that he had slept over, and two claim that he was still there. 
A Rabbit walks into the bar, goes up to the bartender and says, "I want a cup of coffee.”  The bartender says, "We don’t serve coffee here"    So the Rabbit leaves, but when he leaves he sees two friends entering the bar so he joins them.  His friends ask for a beer and sandwich but the rabbit says "I wanna cup of coffee" The bartender says, "We don’t serve coffee here" So the rabbit leaves again, but he sees two more friends so he joins them in the bar.  His friends order a beer and a sandwich but the Rabbit still says, "I want a cup of coffee" "Look,” says the bartender "we don’t serve coffee here.  Now leave or I will nail your ears to the bar!" So the rabbit leaves, but he yet again sees two more friends and enters the bar. But this time the rabbit says, "Do you have a hammer?" "No" replies the bartender Do you have any nails?" "No" "Then I want a cup of coffee" 
Teacher: Dudley, can you tell me what the four seasons are? Dudley: Salt, pepper, mustard, and vinegar.
Bill, Jim, and Scott were at a convention together and were sharing a large suite on the top of a 75-story skyscraper. After a long day of meetings they were shocked to hear that the elevators in their hotel were broken and they would have to climb 75 flights of stairs to get to their room.  Bill said to Jim and Scott, let's break the monotony of this unpleasant task by concentrating on something interesting.  I'll tell jokes for 25 flights, and Jim can sing songs for 25 flights, and Scott can tell sad stories the rest of the way.  At the 26th floor Bill stopped telling jokes and Jim began to sing.  At the 51st floor Jim stopped singing and Scott began to tell sad stories.  "I will tell my saddest story first," he said.  "I left the room key in the car!"
While getting a checkup, a man tells his doctor that he thinks his wife is losing her hearing.  The doctor says, "You should do a simple test.  Stand about 15 feet behind your wife and say 'honey?’  Move 3 feet closer and do it again.  Keep moving 3 feet closer until she finally responds."  Remember how close you were when she gives you an answer.  That will help me know how bad her hearing loss is.  About a month later the same guy is at the doctor again and the doctor asks, "Well, did you do that experiment with your wife's hearing?”  The man says "yes". "How close did you get before she answered?" "Well, by the time I got about 3 feet away she just turned around and said "For the FIFTH TIME... WHAT???" 
 A mushroom walks into a bar; the bartender says to him, "sorry, we don’t serve your kind here!" The mushroom replies, "WHY? I'm a fun-gi" (fun-guy)
Heaven is a place where the police are English; the chefs are Italian; the car mechanics are German; the lovers are French and it's all organized by the Swiss.  Hell is a place where the police are German; the chefs are English; the car mechanics are French; the lovers are Swiss and it's all organized by the Italians. 
A turtle was walking through the park when two snails attacked, punched, kicked, and stole his wallet. The police arrived and asked, “What happen to you, were you attacked, were you robbed?” The turtle on his back, bruised, with one eye shut, said "I don't know officer, it happen so Fast"
"You have been in Rome?" "Yes" "Did you visit The Coliseum.” "Yes" "and ?" "It will be splendid when it is finished"  
"Doctor, Doctor, You've got to help me - I just can't stop my hands shaking!"  "Do you drink a lot?" "Not really - I spill most of it!"
Two molecules are walking down the street and one starts looking around. The other asks,  "What's wrong?"  "I have lost my electron!"  "Are you sure?"  "I'm positive!" 
Teacher: Dudley, can you tell me what the four seasons are? Dudley: Salt, pepper, mustard, and vinegar.
Bill, Jim, and Scott were at a convention together and were sharing a large suite on the top of a 75-story skyscraper. After a long day of meetings they were shocked to hear that the elevators in their hotel were broken and they would have to climb 75 flights of stairs to get to their room.  Bill said to Jim and Scott, let's break the monotony of this unpleasant task by concentrating on something interesting.  I'll tell jokes for 25 flights, and Jim can sing songs for 25 flights, and Scott can tell sad stories the rest of the way.  At the 26th floor Bill stopped telling jokes and Jim began to sing.  At the 51st floor Jim stopped singing and Scott began to tell sad stories.  "I will tell my saddest story first," he said.  "I left the room key in the car!"
Isn't it strange how drivers who go slower than you are idiots and those that go faster are maniacs?
Q:Why did the farmer feed his cow money? A:Because he wanted rich milk
While getting a checkup, a man tells his doctor that he thinks his wife is losing her hearing.  The doctor says, "You should do a simple test.  Stand about 15 feet behind your wife and say 'honey?’  Move 3 feet closer and do it again.  Keep moving 3 feet closer until she finally responds."  Remember how close you were when she gives you an answer.  That will help me know how bad her hearing loss is.  About a month later the same guy is at the doctor again and the doctor asks, "Well, did you do that experiment with your wife's hearing?”  The man says "yes". "How close did you get before she answered?" "Well, by the time I got about 3 feet away she just turned around and said "For the FIFTH TIME... WHAT???" 
A man and his son walk into a shoe store when the sales man asks, "How can I help you?" The man says he has a dinner to go to and is looking for the right type of shoes. The salesman asks if he is looking for dress shoes, the little boy pipes up and says," but my dad doesn’t wear dresses."
One day a little girl was sitting on her grandpa's knee playing with his long beard and patting his baldhead, and asked "Did God make me?" "Yes my dear" her grandpa replied. "Did God make you?” she asked. "Yes he did" he replied again she then said "well he sure does a better job these days doesn’t he. 
A small 1 SEATER plane crashed into a cemetery. Police have recovered 102 bodies so far and will continue to dig throughout the night.
A small 1 SEATER plane crashed into a cemetery. Police have recovered 102 bodies so far and will continue to dig throughout the night.
Dracula was on a night out with his buddies and after much intoxication decided to call it a night. On his walk home he took a few back streets to shortcut. Upon walking down one such dark alley he was hit in the back of the head by a sausage roll but after looking around could not see whom the culprit was. Once again, in the next dimly lit passage he felt a chicken wrap splat across his back, thrown from behind, but again the perpetrator had hidden.   Finally as Dracula got to his castle gates, he felt a tap on the shoulder... he turned round to a dark figure wielding a sausage on a cocktail stick. No sooner had Dracula spoken than the dark figure plunged the stick into his heart.   Falling to the floor, Dracula uttered his last words... "Who are you?"... To which the dark stranger announced.... "I am Buffet the Vampire Slayer"! 
"Doctor! There's fly in the ointment!" "Yes, I know, he's recovering from a nasty soup-burn."
"Doctor! There's fly in the ointment!" "Yes, I know, he's recovering from a nasty soup-burn."
A city slicker moves to the country and decides he’s going to take up farming. He heads to the local co-op and tells the man, “Give me a hundred baby chickens.” The co-op man complies.  A week later the man returns and says, “Give me two hundred baby chickens.”  The co-op man complies. Again, a week later the man returns.  This time he says, “Give me five-hundred baby chickens.”  “Wow! The co-op man replies “You must really be doing well!” “Naw,” said the man with a sigh.  “I’m either planting them too deep or too far apart!” 
During a terrible storm, all the highway signs were covered with snow.  The following spring, the state decided to raise all the signs twelve inches at a cost of six million dollars. “That’s an outrageous price!” said a local farmer,  “but I guess we’re lucky the state handled it instead of the federal government.”  “Why’s that?” “Because knowing the federal government, they’d decided to lower the highways.” 
During a terrible storm, all the highway signs were covered with snow.  The following spring, the state decided to raise all the signs twelve inches at a cost of six million dollars. “That’s an outrageous price!” said a local farmer,  “but I guess we’re lucky the state handled it instead of the federal government.”  “Why’s that?” “Because knowing the federal government, they’d decided to lower the highways.” 
A city slicker moves to the country and decides he’s going to take up farming. He heads to the local co-op and tells the man, “Give me a hundred baby chickens.” The co-op man complies.  A week later the man returns and says, “Give me two hundred baby chickens.”  The co-op man complies. Again, a week later the man returns.  This time he says, “Give me five-hundred baby chickens.”  “Wow! The co-op man replies “You must really be doing well!” “Naw,” said the man with a sigh.  “I’m either planting them too deep or too far apart!” 
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender asks, “Olive or Twist?” 
Q: "Why couldn't the Indian get into his tee pee? A: He had no reservations 
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the thing he predicted yesterday did not happen today.
 "Dad, where did I come from?" asks this 10-years-old.  The father was shocked that a 10 year old would be asking a question like that. He was hoping to wait a few more years before he would have to explain the facts of life, but he figured it was better a few years early than a few days too late, so, for the next two hours he explained every thing to his son. When he got finished, he asked his son what prompted his question to which his son replied, "I was talking to the new kid across the street and he said he came from Ohio, so I was just wondering where I came from."
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender asks, “Olive or Twist?” 
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the thing he predicted yesterday did not happen today.
A man graduated from veterinary school then took a course in taxidermy. He now has a sign in his Doctor's office that reads, "Veterinarian/Taxidermist - Either way - you get your pet back".
After gunning his BMW the wrong way down a one-way street, the rather intoxicated young man was asked where he thought he was going by a curious police officer. “I’m not really sure,” confessed the drunk, “but wherever it is, I must be late, because everybody seems to be coming back already.” 
After gunning his BMW the wrong way down a one-way street, the rather intoxicated young man was asked where he thought he was going by a curious police officer. “I’m not really sure,” confessed the drunk, “but wherever it is, I must be late, because everybody seems to be coming back already.” 
The young man really liked the perfume the young lady was wearing and asked its name. She looked puzzled for a minute then dumped the contents of her purse on the table between them. She searched through the pile and finally found a small atomizer. She looked at the label and announced, “Unforgettable”
Q: How many Microsoft Engineers does it take to change a light bulb? A: None.  They just change the standard to DARK. 
What’s this daily charge for ‘fruit’?  The hotel guess asked the manager.  “We didn’t eat any.”  “But the fruit was place in your room every day.  It isn’t our fault you didn’t take advantage of it.”  “I see,” said the man as he subtracted $150.00 from the bill “What are you doing”?  Sputtered the manager. “I’m subtracting 50 dollars a day for your kissing my wife.” “What? I didn’t kiss your wife.” “Ah,” replied the man,  “but she was there.” 
And how is your customer service”?  Asked a skeptical customer to the used car dealer. “Oh, that’s first class.  Anybody who buys a car from us gets a free copy of the latest railroad train schedules!” 
When a fellow called a motel and asked how much they charged for a room, the clerk told him that the rates depended on room size and number of people.  “Do you take children?” the man asked. “No, sir,” replied the clerk.  “Only cash and credit cards.” 
When a fellow called a motel and asked how much they charged for a room, the clerk told him that the rates depended on room size and number of people.  “Do you take children?” the man asked. “No, sir,” replied the clerk.  “Only cash and credit cards.” 
What They Said . . . And What We Did    According to the story, after every Quantas Airlines flight the pilots complete a 'gripe sheet' report, which conveys to the ground crew engineers any mechanical problems on the aircraft during the flight. The engineer reads the form, corrects the problem, and then writes details of action taken on the lower section of the form for the pilot to review before the next flight. It is clear from the examples below that ground crew engineers have a keen sense of humor - these are supposedly real extracts from gripe forms completed by pilots with the solution responses by the engineers. Incidentally, Quantas has the best safety record of all the world's major airlines.   (1 = The problem logged by the pilot.) (2 = The solution and action taken by the mechanics.)  1) Left inside main tire almost needs replacement.  2) Almost replaced left inside main tire.  1) Test flight OK, except auto-land very rough.  2) Auto-land not installed on this aircraft.  1) Something loose in cockpit.  2) Something tightened in cockpit.  1) Dead bugs on windshield.  2) Live bugs on back-order.  1) Autopilot in altitude-hold mode produces a 200 feet per minute descent.  2) Cannot reproduce problem on ground.  1) Evidence of leak on right main landing gear.  2) Evidence removed.  1) DME volume unbelievably loud.  2) DME volume set to more believable level.  1) Friction locks cause throttle levers to stick.  2) That's what they're there for.  1) IFF inoperative.  2) IFF always inoperative in OFF mode.  1) Suspected crack in windshield.  2) Suspect you're right.  1) Number 3 engine missing.  2) Engine found on right wing after brief search.  1) Aircraft handles funny.  2) Aircraft warned to straighten up, fly right, and be serious.  1) Target radar hums.  2) Reprogrammed target radar with lyrics.  1) Mouse in cockpit.  2) Cat installed.       
Asia was by far my favorite destination,” the woman bragged at the party, though she had never been out of the United States.  “Enigmatic and magical, beautiful beyond belief.  And China, of course, is the pearl of the Asian oyster.” “What about the pagodas?”  a man besides her asked.  “Did you see them?” “Did I see them?  My dear, I had dinner with them.” 
Three men were sitting on a park bench.  The one in the middle was reading a newspaper; the others were pretending to fish.  They baited imaginary hooks, cast lines, and reeled in their catch. A passing policeman stopped to watch the spectacle and asked the man in the middle if he new the other two. “Oh yes” he said.  “They ‘re my friends.” “In that case,” warned the officer,  “you’d better get them out of here!” “Yes, sir” the man replied, and he began rowing furiously 
Two passengers on a ship are talking. “Can you swim?”  Asks one. “No,” says the other, “but I can shout for help in nine languages.”  
What’s this daily charge for ‘fruit’?  The hotel guess asked the manager.  “We didn’t eat any.”  “But the fruit was place in your room every day.  It isn’t our fault you didn’t take advantage of it.”  “I see,” said the man as he subtracted $150.00 from the bill “What are you doing”?  Sputtered the manager. “I’m subtracting 50 dollars a day for your kissing my wife.” “What? I didn’t kiss your wife.” “Ah,” replied the man,  “but she was there.” 
And how is your customer service”?  Asked a skeptical customer to the used car dealer. “Oh, that’s first class.  Anybody who buys a car from us gets a free copy of the latest railroad train schedules!” 
Two passengers on a ship are talking. “Can you swim?”  Asks one. “No,” says the other, “but I can shout for help in nine languages.”  
Asia was by far my favorite destination,” the woman bragged at the party, though she had never been out of the United States.  “Enigmatic and magical, beautiful beyond belief.  And China, of course, is the pearl of the Asian oyster.” “What about the pagodas?”  a man besides her asked.  “Did you see them?” “Did I see them?  My dear, I had dinner with them.” 
The young woman sat in her stalled car, waiting for help.  Finally two men walked up to her.  “I’m out of gas,” she purred.  ‘Could you push me to the gas station?” The men readily put their muscles to the car and rolled it several blocks.  After a while, one looked up, exhausted, to see that they had just passed a filling station. “How come you didn’t turn in?” he yelled. “I never go there,” the girl shouted back.  “They don’t have full service.’ 
A vacationer telephones a seaside hotel to ask where it was.  “It’s only a stone’s throw from the beach,” he was told.  “How will I recognize it?” asked the man. “It’s the one with all the broken windows.” Came the reply. 
A woman in Atlantic City was losing at the roulette wheel.  When she was down to her last 10 dollars, she asked the fellow next to her for a good number.  “Why don’t you play your age?” he suggested.  The woman agreed, and then put her money on the table. The next thing the guy with the advice knew, the woman had fainted and fallen to the floor.  He rushed right over. “Did she win?” he asked. “No” replied the attendant.  “She put 10 dollars on 33 and 46 came in.” 
You are blocking the way, sir, said the usher to a man sprawled in the aisle of a theater.  “Please get up.”  The man didn’t move or reply.  The usher called the manager over, who said, “I must ask you to move.”  Still the prone man didn’t reply.  So the manager called the police.  “Get up or I’ll have to take you in,” the officer said.  “Where did you come from anyway?”  The man stirred finally and said, “the balcony.”
Two prisoners were making their escape over the jailhouse roof when one of them dislodged a tile.  “Who’s there shouted a guard.  The first prisoner replied with a convincing imitation of a cat’s meow.  Reassured, the guard when back to his rounds But then the second prisoner dislodged another tile.  The guard repeated, “Who’s there?” “The other cat,” answered the prisoner.  
A man was applying for a job as a prison guard.  The warden said, “Now these are real tough guys in here.”  Do you can handle it?”  “No problem,” the applicant replied, “If they don’t behave, out they go!” 
In a darken theater where the suspenseful mystery story was being staged, a member of the audience suddenly stood up and cried, “Where is the murdered?” A threatening voice behind her replied, “Right in back of you, if you don’t sit down!” 
The diner was furious when his steak arrived too rate.  “ Waiter,” he barked, “didn’t you hear me say ‘well done’? “I can’t thank you enough, sir,” replied the waiter. “I hardly ever get a compliment.”  
Three men were sitting on a park bench.  The one in the middle was reading a newspaper; the others were pretending to fish.  They baited imaginary hooks, cast lines, and reeled in their catch. A passing policeman stopped to watch the spectacle and asked the man in the middle if he new the other two. “Oh yes” he said.  “They ‘re my friends.” “In that case,” warned the officer,  “you’d better get them out of here!” “Yes, sir” the man replied, and he began rowing furiously 
So Bill Gates and the chairman of GM are arguing over which company is better. Bill Gates boast, " If cars grew in technology as fast as computers did, we would be driving v-32 instead of v-8, our cars would get 5000 miles to the gallon, the top speed would be mach seven. Anyway the sticker price for a car would be 50 dollars."  And which the GM replies, " Sure, but would you really want a car that crashes 4 times a day!"
A gentleman entered a busy florist shop that displayed a large sign that read “Say It with Flowers.”   “Wrap up one rose” he told the florist. “Only one?” the florist asked. “Just one,” the customer replied “I’m a man of few words.” 
The driving instructor was giving lessons to an extremely nervous student who panicked whenever another car approached on a particular two-lane road.  One day, however, they got to the same stretch of road; and the student remained completely calm. “This time you’re doing fine!” exclaimed the instructor.  “Yes,” the novice driver agreed.  “Now when I see another car coming, I shut my eyes.” 
A man tells his friend, Las Vegas is loaded with all kinds of gambling devices. “Dice tables, slot machines, and wedding chapels.” 
Fire swept the plains and burned down the farmer’s barn.  While he surveyed the wreckage, his wife called their insurance company and asked them to send a check for $75,000, the amount of insurance on the barn.  “We don’t give you the money,” a company official explained.  “We replace the barn and all the equipment in it.” “In that case,” replied the wife, “cancel the policy I have on my husband.”  
When a plague of flying ants caused the performance at a variety theater to end prematurely, the manager sent a message to his agent:  “Show stopped by flying ants!” The agent replied “Book’em for another week” 
“The economy is weird.” Remarked one worker to another.  “My bank failed before the toaster did.”
One man to his friend, what an automated society we live in. Have you ever noticed that when a traffic light turns green, it automatically activates the horn of the car behind you?” 
Why is the mistletoe hanging over the baggage counter?” asked the airline passenger, amid the holiday rush.  The clerk replied, “It’s so you can kiss your luggage good-bye.”
While Bill waited at the airport to board his plane, he noticed a computer scale that would give your weight and a fortune.  He dropped a quarter in the slot, and the computer screen displayed:  “You weigh 195 pounds, you are married and you’re on your way to San Diego.”  Bill stood there dumbfounded. Another man put in a quarter and the computer read:  “You weigh 184 pounds, you’re divorced, and you’re on your way to Chicago.”  Bill said to the man, “Are you divorced and on our way to Chicago?”  “Yes.” Replied the man. Bill was amazed.  Then he rushed to the men’s room, changed his clothes and put on dark  glasses.  He went to the machine again.  The computer read:  “You still weigh 195 pounds, you’re still married, and you just missed your plane to San Diego. 
The driving instructor was giving lessons to an extremely nervous student who panicked whenever another car approached on a particular two-lane road.  One day, however, they got to the same stretch of road; and the student remained completely calm. “This time you’re doing fine!” exclaimed the instructor.  “Yes,” the novice driver agreed.  “Now when I see another car coming, I shut my eyes.” 
Why is the mistletoe hanging over the baggage counter?” asked the airline passenger, amid the holiday rush.  The clerk replied, “It’s so you can kiss your luggage good-bye.”
While Bill waited at the airport to board his plane, he noticed a computer scale that would give your weight and a fortune.  He dropped a quarter in the slot, and the computer screen displayed:  “You weigh 195 pounds, you are married and you’re on your way to San Diego.”  Bill stood there dumbfounded. Another man put in a quarter and the computer read:  “You weigh 184 pounds, you’re divorced, and you’re on your way to Chicago.”  Bill said to the man, “Are you divorced and on our way to Chicago?”  “Yes.” Replied the man. Bill was amazed.  Then he rushed to the men’s room, changed his clothes and put on dark  glasses.  He went to the machine again.  The computer read:  “You still weigh 195 pounds, you’re still married, and you just missed your plane to San Diego. 
When a plague of flying ants caused the performance at a variety theater to end prematurely, the manager sent a message to his agent:  “Show stopped by flying ants!” The agent replied “Book’em for another week” 
“The economy is weird.” Remarked one worker to another.  “My bank failed before the toaster did.”
One man to his friend, what an automated society we live in. Have you ever noticed that when a traffic light turns green, it automatically activates the horn of the car behind you?” 
A man tells his friend, Las Vegas is loaded with all kinds of gambling devices. “Dice tables, slot machines, and wedding chapels.” 
Fire swept the plains and burned down the farmer’s barn.  While he surveyed the wreckage, his wife called their insurance company and asked them to send a check for $75,000, the amount of insurance on the barn.  “We don’t give you the money,” a company official explained.  “We replace the barn and all the equipment in it.” “In that case,” replied the wife, “cancel the policy I have on my husband.”  
In a darken theater where the suspenseful mystery story was being staged, a member of the audience suddenly stood up and cried, “Where is the murdered?” A threatening voice behind her replied, “Right in back of you, if you don’t sit down!” 
The diner was furious when his steak arrived too rate.  “ Waiter,” he barked, “didn’t you hear me say ‘well done’? “I can’t thank you enough, sir,” replied the waiter. “I hardly ever get a compliment.”  
The young woman sat in her stalled car, waiting for help.  Finally two men walked up to her.  “I’m out of gas,” she purred.  ‘Could you push me to the gas station?” The men readily put their muscles to the car and rolled it several blocks.  After a while, one looked up, exhausted, to see that they had just passed a filling station. “How come you didn’t turn in?” he yelled. “I never go there,” the girl shouted back.  “They don’t have full service.’ 
A vacationer telephones a seaside hotel to ask where it was.  “It’s only a stone’s throw from the beach,” he was told.  “How will I recognize it?” asked the man. “It’s the one with all the broken windows.” Came the reply. 
A woman in Atlantic City was losing at the roulette wheel.  When she was down to her last 10 dollars, she asked the fellow next to her for a good number.  “Why don’t you play your age?” he suggested.  The woman agreed, and then put her money on the table. The next thing the guy with the advice knew, the woman had fainted and fallen to the floor.  He rushed right over. “Did she win?” he asked. “No” replied the attendant.  “She put 10 dollars on 33 and 46 came in.” 
A man went to the doctor complaining of insomnia.  The doctor gave him an exam and found nothing physically wrong with him.  “Listen,” the doctor said,  “if you ever expect to cure your insomnia, you need to stop taking your troubles to bed with you.” “It’s true,” said the patient, “but my wife refuses to sleep alone.” 
A young guy was feeling ill, so he asked a friend to recommend an internist.  “I know a great one,” his friend said, “but he’s very expensive.  He charges $400 for the first visit and $100 for each visit after that.” The guy went to see the doctor.  Trying to save money, he greeted the doctor when he entered the exam room with an animated “I’m back!” The doctor proceeded with the examination.  “Very good,” he said when he was finished. “Just continue the treatment I prescribed last time.” 
A surgeon was checking on a patient who had a hernia operation three days before. The doctor asked the man why he had not gotten out of bed. “I hurt,” the man said. “You don’t know how it feels.”  “I know exactly how it feels,” the doctor said. “I had the same procedure last month, and I was back at work two days later.  There’s no difference in our operations.” “Oh yes there is,” said the patient. “You had a different surgeon.” 
There is a knock on the pearly gates.  Saint Peter looks out, and a man is standing there. Saint Peter is about to begin his interview when the man disappears.  A moment later there’s another knock.  Saint Peter gets the door, sees the man, opens his mouth to speak, but the man disappears once again.  “Hey, are you playing games with me?” Saint Peter calls after him, rather annoyed. “No” the man’s distant voice replies anxiously.   “They are trying to resuscitate me.” 
You are blocking the way, sir, said the usher to a man sprawled in the aisle of a theater.  “Please get up.”  The man didn’t move or reply.  The usher called the manager over, who said, “I must ask you to move.”  Still the prone man didn’t reply.  So the manager called the police.  “Get up or I’ll have to take you in,” the officer said.  “Where did you come from anyway?”  The man stirred finally and said, “the balcony.”
Two prisoners were making their escape over the jailhouse roof when one of them dislodged a tile.  “Who’s there shouted a guard.  The first prisoner replied with a convincing imitation of a cat’s meow.  Reassured, the guard when back to his rounds But then the second prisoner dislodged another tile.  The guard repeated, “Who’s there?” “The other cat,” answered the prisoner.  
A man was applying for a job as a prison guard.  The warden said, “Now these are real tough guys in here.”  Do you can handle it?”  “No problem,” the applicant replied, “If they don’t behave, out they go!” 
An eighth grade teacher was leading a discussion on the qualifications for being president of the United States.  After the teacher commented that a person must be a natural-born citizen, one of the students raised her hand. “Does that mean that if you were born by Caesarean section that you can’t be president?”
A man was walking down the street when he came across a body lying on the sidewalk.  He ran to a phone and called 911. The operator asked him where he was and the man replied, “I’m on Sycamore Drive.” “How do you spell that?” the operator asked. “S-i-c-k…” the man began.  “No, s-i-c-a…..” no, s-i-k-a…. oh heck, let me drag him over to Lake street and I’ll call you back.” 
A man went to the doctor complaining of insomnia.  The doctor gave him an exam and found nothing physically wrong with him.  “Listen,” the doctor said,  “if you ever expect to cure your insomnia, you need to stop taking your troubles to bed with you.” “It’s true,” said the patient, “but my wife refuses to sleep alone.” 
A young guy was feeling ill, so he asked a friend to recommend an internist.  “I know a great one,” his friend said, “but he’s very expensive.  He charges $400 for the first visit and $100 for each visit after that.” The guy went to see the doctor.  Trying to save money, he greeted the doctor when he entered the exam room with an animated “I’m back!” The doctor proceeded with the examination.  “Very good,” he said when he was finished. “Just continue the treatment I prescribed last time.” 
A surgeon was checking on a patient who had a hernia operation three days before. The doctor asked the man why he had not gotten out of bed. “I hurt,” the man said. “You don’t know how it feels.”  “I know exactly how it feels,” the doctor said. “I had the same procedure last month, and I was back at work two days later.  There’s no difference in our operations.” “Oh yes there is,” said the patient. “You had a different surgeon.” 
There is a knock on the pearly gates.  Saint Peter looks out, and a man is standing there. Saint Peter is about to begin his interview when the man disappears.  A moment later there’s another knock.  Saint Peter gets the door, sees the man, opens his mouth to speak, but the man disappears once again.  “Hey, are you playing games with me?” Saint Peter calls after him, rather annoyed. “No” the man’s distant voice replies anxiously.   “They are trying to resuscitate me.” 
A man was walking down the street when he came across a body lying on the sidewalk.  He ran to a phone and called 911. The operator asked him where he was and the man replied, “I’m on Sycamore Drive.” “How do you spell that?” the operator asked. “S-i-c-k…” the man began.  “No, s-i-c-a…..” no, s-i-k-a…. oh heck, let me drag him over to Lake street and I’ll call you back.” 
An eighth grade teacher was leading a discussion on the qualifications for being president of the United States.  After the teacher commented that a person must be a natural-born citizen, one of the students raised her hand. “Does that mean that if you were born by Caesarean section that you can’t be president?”
A teacher called upon the classroom to make sentences with words previously chosen. The teacher smiled when Pete, a slow learner, raised his hand to participate during the challenge of making a sentence with the words “Defeat,” “Defense,” “Deduct,” and “Detail.” Pete stood thinking for a while, all eyes focused on him while his classmates awaited his reply.  Smiling, he the proudly said, “Defeat of deduct went over defense before detail.” 
One CEO always scheduled staff meetings for 4:30 on Friday afternoons.  One of the employees finally got up the nerve to ask why, the CEO explained,  “I’ll tell you its very simple – it’s the only time of the week when none of you seems to want to argue with me.”
A new business was opening, and one of the owner’s friends sent flowers for the occasion.  But when the owner read the card with the flowers, it said.  “Rest in Peace” The owner was little upset and called the florist to complain.  After he had told the florist about the obvious mistake, the florist said, “Sir, I’m really sorry for the mistake, but rater than getting angry, you should imagine this:  Somewhere there is a funeral taking place today, and they have flowers with a note saying, “Congratulations on you new location.”  
A woman’s work that is never done is the stuff she asks her husband to do.
Men’s brains are like prison system: not enough cells per man.
A young woman gazed up from her hospital bed at the very handsome doctor who was examining her chart.  She fluttered her eyelids and said, “They tell me that your are a real lady killer.”  The doctor smiled and shook his head. “No, I make no distinction between the sexes.”
You know it’s time to re-evaluate your relationship with your computer when….  You wake up at 3 o’clock in the morning to go to the bathroom and you stop to check your e-mail on the way back to bed.  You move into a new house and you decide to Netscape before you landscape.  Your family always knows where you are.   
A father often read Bible stories to his young children.  One day he read, “The man named Lot was warned to take his wife and flee out of the city, but his wife looked back and was tuned to salt.”  His son asked, “What happened to the flea?”
They say that when a man holds a woman’s hand before marriage is love; after marriage is self-defense.
A new business was opening, and one of the owner’s friends sent flowers for the occasion.  But when the owner read the card with the flowers, it said.  “Rest in Peace” The owner was little upset and called the florist to complain.  After he had told the florist about the obvious mistake, the florist said, “Sir, I’m really sorry for the mistake, but rater than getting angry, you should imagine this:  Somewhere there is a funeral taking place today, and they have flowers with a note saying, “Congratulations on you new location.”  
A woman’s work that is never done is the stuff she asks her husband to do.
A young woman gazed up from her hospital bed at the very handsome doctor who was examining her chart.  She fluttered her eyelids and said, “They tell me that your are a real lady killer.”  The doctor smiled and shook his head. “No, I make no distinction between the sexes.”
You know it’s time to re-evaluate your relationship with your computer when….  You wake up at 3 o’clock in the morning to go to the bathroom and you stop to check your e-mail on the way back to bed.  You move into a new house and you decide to Netscape before you landscape.  Your family always knows where you are.   
Man:  Is this seat empty? Woman:  Yes, and this one will be if you sit down. 
Man:  Is this seat empty? Woman:  Yes, and this one will be if you sit down. 
Guy:  Haven’t I seen you someplace before? Girl:  Yes, that’s why I don’t go there anymore.  
The doorbell rang, and the lady of the house discovered a workman, complete with tool chest, on the front door.  “Lady,” he announced, “I’m the piano tuner.”  The lady exclaimed, “Why, I didn’t send for a piano tuner.”  The man replied, “I know, but our neighbors did.”
A father often read Bible stories to his young children.  One day he read, “The man named Lot was warned to take his wife and flee out of the city, but his wife looked back and was tuned to salt.”  His son asked, “What happened to the flea?”
A teacher called upon the classroom to make sentences with words previously chosen. The teacher smiled when Pete, a slow learner, raised his hand to participate during the challenge of making a sentence with the words “Defeat,” “Defense,” “Deduct,” and “Detail.” Pete stood thinking for a while, all eyes focused on him while his classmates awaited his reply.  Smiling, he the proudly said, “Defeat of deduct went over defense before detail.” 
Men’s brains are like prison system: not enough cells per man.
One CEO always scheduled staff meetings for 4:30 on Friday afternoons.  One of the employees finally got up the nerve to ask why, the CEO explained,  “I’ll tell you its very simple – it’s the only time of the week when none of you seems to want to argue with me.”
Job Application:  Two young engineers applied for a single position at a computer company. They both had the same qualifications. In order to determine which individual to hire, the applicants were asked to take a test by the department manager.  Upon completion of the test, both men had each missed only one of the questions. The manager went to the first applicant and said, ‘‘thank you for your interest, but we've decided to give the job to the other applicant.''  "And why would you be doing that? We both got nine questions correct," asked the rejected applicant.   "We have based our decision not on the correct answers, but on the question you missed," said the department manager.   "And just how would one incorrect answer be better than the other?" the rejected applicants inquired.   ''Simple,'' said the department manager, ''Your fellow applicant put down on question..5, 'I don't know.' You put down, 'Neither do I.''' 
Two lawyers went into the restaurant and ordered two drinks.  Then they got sandwiches out of their briefcases and started to eat.  The waiter said,  “Hey, you can’t eat your own sandwiches in here!”  So the lawyers traded sandwiches.
Two lawyers went into the restaurant and ordered two drinks.  Then they got sandwiches out of their briefcases and started to eat.  The waiter said,  “Hey, you can’t eat your own sandwiches in here!”  So the lawyers traded sandwiches.
The doorbell rang, and the lady of the house discovered a workman, complete with tool chest, on the front door.  “Lady,” he announced, “I’m the piano tuner.”  The lady exclaimed, “Why, I didn’t send for a piano tuner.”  The man replied, “I know, but our neighbors did.”
A traffic cop pulled over a speeding motorist and asked,  “Do you have any ID?”  The motorist  replied, “About what?”  
Two ghosts were talking. One said to the other, "I think I've been here before." The other replies, "Don't worry, it's just a case of deja whooooo!"
A young apprentice optometrist recently got careless and got his hand caught in the lens grinder.  He wasn't seriously hurt, but he certainly made a spectacle of himself.
An old man is talking to his friends.  He says,  “I’ve got my health, everything is fine, my mind, knock wood… who’s there?
Q. Why did the kid eat his homework? A. His teacher said it was a piece of cake. 
A jet ran into some turbulent weather.  To keep the passengers calm the flight attendants brought out the beverage carts.  “I’d like a soda,” said a passenger in the first row.  Moving along, the attendant asked the man behind her if he would like something.  “Yes, I would,” he replied.  “Give me whatever the pilot is drinking!”
A traffic cop pulled over a speeding motorist and asked,  “Do you have any ID?”  The motorist  replied, “About what?”  
A jet ran into some turbulent weather.  To keep the passengers calm the flight attendants brought out the beverage carts.  “I’d like a soda,” said a passenger in the first row.  Moving along, the attendant asked the man behind her if he would like something.  “Yes, I would,” he replied.  “Give me whatever the pilot is drinking!”
Two New Yorkers are in Las Vegas gambling, and they win two hundred thousand dollars.  One man says to the other, “come on let’s go out and paint the town!”  “You know.” Says his friend, “I think this money is New York money.  This dough is earmarked for the Big Apple, and I think we should go back there to spend it.”   “You’re right,” says the first man.  “Let’s go out to the airport right now and catch the first plane back.” “Forget the airport,” says the friend, “let’s just take a limo.”  “Forget the limo,” says the first man, and then he yells, “taxi!”  A cab pulls up in front of the two men.  The friend opens the door and is about to get in when the first man says to him, “Say, where in New York do you live?”  “Fifty-ninth Street,” says the friend.  The first man then says, “In that case, I had better get in first because I’m getting out at forty-third.”   
Two New Yorkers are in Las Vegas gambling, and they win two hundred thousand dollars.  One man says to the other, “come on let’s go out and paint the town!”  “You know.” Says his friend, “I think this money is New York money.  This dough is earmarked for the Big Apple, and I think we should go back there to spend it.”   “You’re right,” says the first man.  “Let’s go out to the airport right now and catch the first plane back.” “Forget the airport,” says the friend, “let’s just take a limo.”  “Forget the limo,” says the first man, and then he yells, “taxi!”  A cab pulls up in front of the two men.  The friend opens the door and is about to get in when the first man says to him, “Say, where in New York do you live?”  “Fifty-ninth Street,” says the friend.  The first man then says, “In that case, I had better get in first because I’m getting out at forty-third.”   
An old man is talking to his friends.  He says,  “I’ve got my health, everything is fine, my mind, knock wood… who’s there?
A rooster was strutting around the henhouse one Easter morning and came across a nest of eggs dyed every color of the rainbow.  The rooster took one look at the colorful display, ran outside and beat the heck out of the resident peacock. - S.C. Herald-Journal - 
Sign seen in a veterinarian’s office: The doctor is in.  Sit.  Stay. 
Kerry the tomcat was scampering all over the neighborhood – down alleys, up fire escapes, into cellars.  A disturbed neighbor knocked on the owner’s door and said, “Your cat is rushing about like mad.” “I know,” the man conceded.  “Kerry’s just been neutered, and he’s running around canceling engagements.” - Larry Wilde – Library of Laughter 
A rooster was strutting around the henhouse one Easter morning and came across a nest of eggs dyed every color of the rainbow.  The rooster took one look at the colorful display, ran outside and beat the heck out of the resident peacock. - S.C. Herald-Journal - 
Kerry the tomcat was scampering all over the neighborhood – down alleys, up fire escapes, into cellars.  A disturbed neighbor knocked on the owner’s door and said, “Your cat is rushing about like mad.” “I know,” the man conceded.  “Kerry’s just been neutered, and he’s running around canceling engagements.” - Larry Wilde – Library of Laughter 
Sign seen in a veterinarian’s office: The doctor is in.  Sit.  Stay. 
Confusius say: "Man who run behind car get exhausted, but man who run in front of car get tired."
Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon?  Reports say that the food is good but no atmosphere!
A man walks into a bar and orders 3 beers.  The bartender asks him why he gets three beers the man told the bartender well one is for me and the other two, for my brothers who live in Texas. The man does this for about a week and one day the man walks in and orders two beers instead of three. The bartender asks him why just two the man said well my wife told me I had to quit drinking but she didn't say anything about my brothers to stop. 
Steven Spielberg was busy discussing his new action movie about famous classical composers. Bruce Willis, Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarsenegger were in the room. "Who do you want to play?" Spielberg asked Bruce Willis. "I've always been a fan of Chopin,” said Bruce. “And you, Sylvester?" asked Spielberg. "Mozart's the one for me!" replied Sly. “And what about you?" he asked Arnold. "If I’m not Bach, I’ll be Hayden!"
An elderly woman walked into the local country church. The friendly usher greeted her at the door and helped her up the flight of steps. "Where would you like to sit?" he asked politely.   "The front row please." she answered.  "You really don't want to do that", the usher said. "The pastor is really boring."  "Do you happen to know who I am?" the woman inquired. “No." he said.  "I'm the pastor's mother," she replied indignantly.  "Do you know who I am?" he asked.  "No." she said.  "Good," he answered.  
Men are like a pack of Cards: A "heart" to love them A "diamond" to marry them A "club" to smack them and A "spade" to bury the body...
A drunk and a preacher were driving up a mountainside in different vehicles. The drunk was swerving from side to side; the preacher was driving straight and true. All of a sudden, the preacher lost control and drove off the edge of a cliff. The drunk noticed the preacher going off the edge, so he stopped his car and went to see if he was all right. He noticed the preacher was climbing up the hillside. He yelled down at the preacher, "Are you alright?" And the preacher replied, "Have no fear my son, I had the Lord riding with me." The drunk then yelled back, "You had better let him ride with me next time, cuz your gonna get him killed!"  
Steven Spielberg was busy discussing his new action movie about famous classical composers. Bruce Willis, Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarsenegger were in the room. "Who do you want to play?" Spielberg asked Bruce Willis. "I've always been a fan of Chopin,” said Bruce. “And you, Sylvester?" asked Spielberg. "Mozart's the one for me!" replied Sly. “And what about you?" he asked Arnold. "If I’m not Bach, I’ll be Hayden!"
A man walks into a bar and orders 3 beers.  The bartender asks him why he gets three beers the man told the bartender well one is for me and the other two, for my brothers who live in Texas. The man does this for about a week and one day the man walks in and orders two beers instead of three. The bartender asks him why just two the man said well my wife told me I had to quit drinking but she didn't say anything about my brothers to stop. 
Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon?  Reports say that the food is good but no atmosphere!
First friend: "I am getting so tired of having to wade through so much Spam e-mail.  Every time I sign on to get my e-mail I have to discard 20 Spam messages." Second friend: "I used to be in exactly the same situation:  20 Spam messages every time I signed on.  But I solved that.  Now I only get ONE every time I sign on." First friend: "That's terrific.  How did you do that?" Second friend: "I sign on 20 times more."  
What did the turkey say on Thanksgiving?                      Don't "gobble" me up! 
A senior couple decided to go shopping one day and split their efforts by going separate ways. Near the end of the shopping event they decided to get together for lunch.   As the woman was on her way to the rendezvous point, she heard a traffic warning on the radio that a car was driving in the wrong direction up ahead. Knowing that her husband was near the point of the warning, she decided to call him on the cell phone. When he answered, she explained, "I just heard on the news, someone is driving in the wrong direction on the highway!"  The husband replied, "One? There's hundreds of folks going the wrong way where I am!"
What did the turkey say on Thanksgiving?                      Don't "gobble" me up! 
At an Italian wedding ceremony, the priest asked the bride,  “Do you take Franco Giuseppe-Antonio to be your husband?” The bride looking very confused said,  “father, there is a mistake.  I am only marrying Frank.”  
A man taking a woman home after their first date asks if he can come inside of a cup of coffee. “Oh, no,” she says,  “I never ask a guy in on the first date.” “Okay,” the man replies,  “how about the last date?” 
Say, Joe,” a man said to his friend,  “how do you like your new job?” “It’s the worst job I have ever had.”  “How long have you been there?” asked his buddy. “About three months.” Said Joe.  “Why don’t you quit?” said his friend. “No way.  This is the fist time in 25 years that I have looked forward to going home after work.’  
During a simulated attack, the troops have to defend themselves against an imaginary enemy, as the sergeant calls it.  Bawling out orders, he notices that one recruit shows little response.  “You there,” the sergeant shouts,  “the imaginary enemy is advancing, and your are caught in the crossfire.  Action!”  The recruit takes two steps to one side. “What are you doing, man?”  Yells the sergeant, purple with fury.  “I’m taking shelter behind an imaginary tree, Sergeant,” answers the recruit calmly. 
A very successful businessman had a meeting with his new son-in-law.  I welcome you into the family,” said the man.  “To show you how much we care for you, I am making you a 50-50 partner in my business.  All you have to do is go to the factory everyday and learn the operation.” The son-in-law interrupted.  “I hate factories. I can’t stand the noise.”  “I see.” replied the father-in-law,  “Well, then you’ll work in the office and take charge of some of the operations.”  “I hate office work,” said the son-in-law.  “I can’t stand being stuck behind a desk.”  “Wait a minute,” said the father-in-law.  “I just made you half owner of a money-making industry, but you don’t like factories, and won’t work in an office.  What am I going to do with you?”  “Easy,” said the son-in-law.  “Buy me out.”  
One day, an employee received an unusually large check.  She decided not to say anything about it.  The following week, her check was for less that the normal amount, and she confronted her boss.  “How come,” the supervisor inquired,  “you didn’t say anything when you were overpaid?” Unperturbed, the employee replied,  “Well, I can overlook one mistake – but not two in a row!” 
During basic army training, a sergeant was telling his group how a submachine gun sprayed bullets.  He drew a circle on a blackboard and announced that it had 260 degree.  “But, sergeant, all circles have 360 degrees,” called out a conscript.  “Don’t be stupid,” the sergeant roared.  “This is a small circle.” 
A very successful businessman had a meeting with his new son-in-law.  I welcome you into the family,” said the man.  “To show you how much we care for you, I am making you a 50-50 partner in my business.  All you have to do is go to the factory everyday and learn the operation.” The son-in-law interrupted.  “I hate factories. I can’t stand the noise.”  “I see.” replied the father-in-law,  “Well, then you’ll work in the office and take charge of some of the operations.”  “I hate office work,” said the son-in-law.  “I can’t stand being stuck behind a desk.”  “Wait a minute,” said the father-in-law.  “I just made you half owner of a money-making industry, but you don’t like factories, and won’t work in an office.  What am I going to do with you?”  “Easy,” said the son-in-law.  “Buy me out.”  
A bachelor asked the computer to find him the perfect mate: “I want a companion who is small and cute, loves water sports, and enjoys group activities.”  Back came the answer:  “Marry a penguin.” 
A man taking a woman home after their first date asks if he can come inside of a cup of coffee. “Oh, no,” she says,  “I never ask a guy in on the first date.” “Okay,” the man replies,  “how about the last date?” 
Say, Joe,” a man said to his friend,  “how do you like your new job?” “It’s the worst job I have ever had.”  “How long have you been there?” asked his buddy. “About three months.” Said Joe.  “Why don’t you quit?” said his friend. “No way.  This is the fist time in 25 years that I have looked forward to going home after work.’  
At an Italian wedding ceremony, the priest asked the bride,  “Do you take Franco Giuseppe-Antonio to be your husband?” The bride looking very confused said,  “father, there is a mistake.  I am only marrying Frank.”  
Sign on the company bulletin board:  “This firm requires no physical fitness program. Everyone gets enough exercise jumping to conclusions, flying of the handle, running down the boss, flogging dead horses, knifing friend in the back, dodging responsibility, and pushing their luck.”
“Pull over the curb,” said the policeman.  “You don’t have a taillight.” The motorist stepped out, looked in back of the car, and stood quivering and speechless. “Oh, it’s not that bad,” said the policeman.  The man mumbled, “It’s not the taillight I am worried about.  Where are my wife and trailer?” 
1. Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside ask: "Got enough air in there?" 2. Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering: "Shut up, all of you just shut UP!"  3. Whistle the first seven notes of "It's a Small World" incessantly.  4. Sell Girl Scout cookies.  5. On a long ride, sway side to side at the natural frequency of the elevator.  6. Greet everyone getting on the elevator with a warm handshake and ask them to call you Admiral 7. When at least 8 people have boarded, moan from the back: "Oh no, motion sickness!"  8. Meow occasionally.  9. Wear a puppet on your hand and talk to other passengers "through" it. 10. Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the other passengers that this is your "personal space." 
A psychiatrist was trying to comfort a new patient who was terribly upset.  “You see, Doc,” the patient explained, “my problem is that I like shoes much better than I like boots.” “Why, that’s no problem,” answered the doctor. “Most people like shoes better than boots.” The patient was thrilled,  “That’s neat, Doc.  How do you like them, fried or scrambled? 
The bank robbers tied and gagged the employees in one room and the Manager in his office.  On their way out they noticed the Manager was making desperate noises to catch their attention.  Moved by curiosity, one of the burglars loosened the gag and heard the man’s plead:  “Please take the books, too I’m $5000 short!”  
The bank robbers tied and gagged the employees in one room and the Manager in his office.  On their way out they noticed the Manager was making desperate noises to catch their attention.  Moved by curiosity, one of the burglars loosened the gag and heard the man’s plead:  “Please take the books, too I’m $5000 short!”  
“Pull over the curb,” said the policeman.  “You don’t have a taillight.” The motorist stepped out, looked in back of the car, and stood quivering and speechless. “Oh, it’s not that bad,” said the policeman.  The man mumbled, “It’s not the taillight I am worried about.  Where are my wife and trailer?” 
1. Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside ask: "Got enough air in there?" 2. Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering: "Shut up, all of you just shut UP!"  3. Whistle the first seven notes of "It's a Small World" incessantly.  4. Sell Girl Scout cookies.  5. On a long ride, sway side to side at the natural frequency of the elevator.  6. Greet everyone getting on the elevator with a warm handshake and ask them to call you Admiral 7. When at least 8 people have boarded, moan from the back: "Oh no, motion sickness!"  8. Meow occasionally.  9. Wear a puppet on your hand and talk to other passengers "through" it. 10. Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the other passengers that this is your "personal space." 
A psychiatrist was trying to comfort a new patient who was terribly upset.  “You see, Doc,” the patient explained, “my problem is that I like shoes much better than I like boots.” “Why, that’s no problem,” answered the doctor. “Most people like shoes better than boots.” The patient was thrilled,  “That’s neat, Doc.  How do you like them, fried or scrambled? 
At the vending machine a man put a coin and watched powerlessly while the cup failed to appear.  One nozzle sent coffee down the drain while another poured cream after it. “Now that’s real automation!  He exclaimed.  “It even drinks for you!” 
A couple is reading the paper, the wife says:  This article on overpopulation of the world says that somewhere in the world there is a woman having a baby every four seconds!  Her husband not to appear uninterested said; I think they ought to find that woman and stop her!
On his first visit to the zoo, a little boy stared at the caged stork for a long time.  Then he turned to his father and said; “Gee, Dad, stork doesn’t recognized me.”
At the vending machine, a man put in his coins and watched powerlessly while the cup failed to appear. One nozzle sent coffee down the drain while another poured cream after it.  “Now that’s real automation!" he exclaimed. “It even drinks for you." 
A couple is reading the paper, the wife says:  This article on overpopulation of the world says that somewhere in the world there is a woman having a baby every four seconds!  Her husband not to appear uninterested said; I think they ought to find that woman and stop her!
On his first visit to the zoo, a little boy stared at the caged stork for a long time.  Then he turned to his father and said; “Gee, Dad, stork doesn’t recognized me.”
During the initial space flights, Nasa discovered that biro pens didn’t work under zero gravity conditions. To beat the problem, Nasa spent 6 years and $2 million in designing a pen for use in space. The pen would work under zero gravity conditions due to the pressurized ink inside, it would work under sub zero conditions, underwater, on glass and virtually any surface known to man. The Russians used a pencil.
With high-definition TV everything looks bigger and wider. Kind of like going to your 25th high school reunion
Visiting a seriously ill lawyer in the hospital, his friend found him sitting up in bed, anxiously leafing through the Bible.  “What are you doing?” he asked. “Looking for loopholes,” was the lawyer’s reply. 
 A wife concern with her husband’s driving said;  “Dear, aren’t you driving a little too fast? Her husband replied; don’t you believe in a guardian angel?  He will take care of us. His wife said:  Yes, I do.  But I am afraid we left him miles back!  
A couple making plans for their vacation. Wife:  I am afraid the mountain air would disagree with me. Husband:  My Love, it wouldn’t dare! 
“I hear your husband is a linguist.” “Yes, he speaks three languages … golf, football, and baseball. 
Heather:  I noticed by this article that men become bald much more than women because of the intense activity of their brains. John:  Yes, and I notice that women do not grow beards because of the intense activity of their chins! 
Lisa:  Do you really lover, or do you just think you do? Bob: Honey, I really lover you.  I haven’t done any thinking yet. 
A man looking for love sent his picture to the Lonely Hearts Club. The reply came back, “We are not that lonely.” 
The United States is the only country where housewife hires a woman to do her cleaning so she can do volunteer work at the day care where the cleaning woman leaves her child
A man’s car stalled on a country road.  When he got out to fix it, a cow came along and stopped beside him.  “Your trouble is probably in the carburetor,” said the cow. Startled, the man jumped back and ran down the road until he met a farmer.  He told the farmer his story. “Was it a large red cow with a brown spot over the right eye?” asked the farmer. “Yes, yes,” the man replied. “Oh!  I would not listen to Bessie,” said the farmer.  “She does not know anything about cars.” 
Children would all be brought up perfectly if families would just swap kids.  Everyone knows what ought to be done with the neighbor’s kids.
A man solves the problem of too many visiting relatives.  He borrowed money from the rich ones and loaned it to the poor ones.  Now none of them come back.
Did you hear about the rock’n’roll singer who wore a hearing aid for four years? Then he found out he only needed a haircut.  
“But doctor,” lamented the young husband in counseling,  “whenever Sue and I quarrel, she becomes historical.”  “You mean, hysterical,” said the doctor. “No, historical.  She is always digging up my past.” 
A man visiting a doctor says; Doctor I just dropped in to tell you how much I benefited from your treatment. The doctor replied; but you are not one of my patients. The man said: I know.  But my uncle Bill was, and I am his heir.  
A man visits his psychiatrist and talks about being haunted by visions of his departed relatives.  He says; these ghosts are perched on the tops of fence posts around my garden every night. They sit there and watch me and watch me.  What can I do? The psychiatrist says; that's easy … just sharpen the tops of the posts. 
A driving instructor: What would you do if you were going up an icy hill and the motor stalled and brakes failed? His student replied; I’d quickly adjust the rearview mirror. 
Panting and perspiring, two men on a tandem bicycle at last got to the top of a steep hill.   “That was a stiff climb,” said the first man.  “It certainly was,” replied the second man. “And if I hadn’t kept the brake on, we would have slid down backward.” 
Marriage is like a railroad sign… first you stop, then you look, and then you listen.
Marriage is nature’s way of keeping people from fighting with strangers.
An important official who was visiting an insane asylum made a telephone call but had difficulty getting his number.  Finally, in exasperation, he shouted to the operator,  “Look here, miss, do you know who I am?”  “No,” she replied calmly,  “but I now where you are.”
Employer: We can pay you 75 dollars a week now and 100 dollars a week in eight months. Applicant:  Thank you.  I’ll drop back in eight months. 
A guy to a friend:  “After three sets golf clubs and ten years of lessons, I am finally getting some fun out of golf.  I quit.”
 A wife concern with her husband’s driving said;  “Dear, aren’t you driving a little too fast? Her husband replied; don’t you believe in a guardian angel?  He will take care of us. His wife said:  Yes, I do.  But I am afraid we left him miles back!  
A couple making plans for their vacation. Wife:  I am afraid the mountain air would disagree with me. Husband:  My Love, it wouldn’t dare! 
Visiting a seriously ill lawyer in the hospital, his friend found him sitting up in bed, anxiously leafing through the Bible.  “What are you doing?” he asked. “Looking for loopholes,” was the lawyer’s reply. 
An important official who was visiting an insane asylum made a telephone call but had difficulty getting his number.  Finally, in exasperation, he shouted to the operator,  “Look here, miss, do you know who I am?”  “No,” she replied calmly,  “but I now where you are.”
Marriage is like a railroad sign… first you stop, then you look, and then you listen.
Marriage is nature’s way of keeping people from fighting with strangers.
“I hear your husband is a linguist.” “Yes, he speaks three languages … golf, football, and baseball. 
Heather:  I noticed by this article that men become bald much more than women because of the intense activity of their brains. John:  Yes, and I notice that women do not grow beards because of the intense activity of their chins! 
“But doctor,” lamented the young husband in counseling,  “whenever Sue and I quarrel, she becomes historical.”  “You mean, hysterical,” said the doctor. “No, historical.  She is always digging up my past.” 
A man visiting a doctor says; Doctor I just dropped in to tell you how much I benefited from your treatment. The doctor replied; but you are not one of my patients. The man said: I know.  But my uncle Bill was, and I am his heir.  
A man visits his psychiatrist and talks about being haunted by visions of his departed relatives.  He says; these ghosts are perched on the tops of fence posts around my garden every night. They sit there and watch me and watch me.  What can I do? The psychiatrist says; that's easy … just sharpen the tops of the posts. 
Panting and perspiring, two men on a tandem bicycle at last got to the top of a steep hill.   “That was a stiff climb,” said the first man.  “It certainly was,” replied the second man. “And if I hadn’t kept the brake on, we would have slid down backward.” 
Employer: We can pay you 75 dollars a week now and 100 dollars a week in eight months. Applicant:  Thank you.  I’ll drop back in eight months. 
Lisa:  Do you really lover, or do you just think you do? Bob: Honey, I really lover you.  I haven’t done any thinking yet. 
A man looking for love sent his picture to the Lonely Hearts Club. The reply came back, “We are not that lonely.” 
The United States is the only country where housewife hires a woman to do her cleaning so she can do volunteer work at the day care where the cleaning woman leaves her child
Children would all be brought up perfectly if families would just swap kids.  Everyone knows what ought to be done with the neighbor’s kids.
A man solves the problem of too many visiting relatives.  He borrowed money from the rich ones and loaned it to the poor ones.  Now none of them come back.
A rancher asked his veterinarian for some free advice.  “I have a horse that walks normally sometimes, and sometimes he limps.  What shall I do?” The Vet replied,  “The next time he walks normally, sell him.”  
The comments of a young mother:  Before I got married, I had six theories about bringing up children.  Now I have six children and no theories.
Susan and Martha meet at the market and exchange news. Susan said: My husband was named Man of the Year. Martha replied: Well that shows you what kind of a year it’s been 
A husband asks:  Why do you weep and snuffle over a TV program and the imaginary sadness of people you have never met? Wife:  For the same reason you scream and yell when a man you don’t know makes a touchdown.  
A guy to a friend:  “After three sets golf clubs and ten years of lessons, I am finally getting some fun out of golf.  I quit.”
Did you hear about the rock’n’roll singer who wore a hearing aid for four years? Then he found out he only needed a haircut.  
A man’s car stalled on a country road.  When he got out to fix it, a cow came along and stopped beside him.  “Your trouble is probably in the carburetor,” said the cow. Startled, the man jumped back and ran down the road until he met a farmer.  He told the farmer his story. “Was it a large red cow with a brown spot over the right eye?” asked the farmer. “Yes, yes,” the man replied. “Oh!  I would not listen to Bessie,” said the farmer.  “She does not know anything about cars.” 
A driving instructor: What would you do if you were going up an icy hill and the motor stalled and brakes failed? His student replied; I’d quickly adjust the rearview mirror. 
A man mentioned to his landlord about the tenants in the apartment over his.  “Many a night they stamp on the floor and shout till midnight.”  When the landlord asked if it bothered him, he replied, “Not really, for I usually stay up and practice my trumpet till about that time most every night anyway.”
A tightwad was looking for a gift to give a friend.  Everything was too expensive except for a glass vase that had been broken and he could purchase it for almost nothing.  He asked the store to send it hoping his friend would think it had been broken in transit. In due time he received a note:  “thanks for the vase,” it read.  “It was so thoughtful Of you to wrap each piece separately.” 
Two truck drivers applied for a job. One said, “I’m Joe and this is my partner, John; when I drive at night, he sleeps.” The foreman said, “all right, I’ll give you and oral test.  It’s two o’clock in the morning.  You’re on a little bridge and your truck is loaded with nitroglycerin.  All of a sudden a truck comes toward you at about 70 miles per hour.  What’s the first thing you do?” Joe said; “I wake up my partner, John.  He never saw a wreck like this before. 
In an age when everyone seems to be playing the name game of glorifying job titles, the man in charge of the meat department at a grocery store in Wisconsin deserves a round of applause.  On his weekly time card he describes his position as  Meat Head.” 
A guy coming out of the gym tells his friend; “I just lost 10 pounds!” His friend says;  “Turn around; I think I found them!” 
“What am I supposed to do with this?” grumbled the motorist as the police clerk handed him a receipt for his traffic violation.  “Keep it,” the clerk advises. “When you get four of them, you get a bicycle.”  
“Hello, police department?  I’ve lost my cat and… "  “I'm sorry lady, but this is not a police job, you can try calling…"  “But you don’t understand, this is a very intelligent cat.  He is almost human. He can practically talk.”  “Well, in that case ma'am, you’d better hang up.  He may be trying to call you right now.” 
A man went to the psychiatrist because he had a fear of thunder.  “Doc, I don’t know what to do,” said the man. The doctor replied,  “That’s ridiculous.  Thunder is a natural phenomenon – nothing to be afraid of.  Whenever you hear thunder, do like I do:  Put your head under the pillow and it will go away.” 
A college student said to his mother, “I decided that I want to be a political science major and that I want to clean up the mess in the world!” “That is very nice,” muted his mother.  “You can go upstairs and start with your room.” 
A women’s lib speaker was addressing a large group and said, “Where would man be today if it were not for woman?” She paused a moment and looked around the room.  “I repeat, where would man be today if it were not for woman?” From the back of the room came a voice,  “He’d be in the Garden of Eden eating strawberries.” 
A girl involved with the women’s lib group boarded a crowded bus and one man rose to his feet.  “No, No, you must not give up your seat.  I insist,” she said. The man replied; “You may insist as much as you like, Lady,”  “This is my street where I get off.” 
The choir had just come out of rehearsal.  “Am I to assume that you do a lot of singing at home?” Mr. Harris asked a fellow choir member, David Grey.  “Yes, I sing a lot.  I use my voice just to kill time,” said David.  Mr. Harris nodded,  “You certainly have a fine weapon.”
Wife:  I dreamed you gave me $500 for summer clothes last night.  You would not spoil that dream, would you, Dear? Husband:  Of course not, Darling. You may keep the $500.00 
In an age when everyone seems to be playing the name game of glorifying job titles, the man in charge of the meat department at a grocery store in Wisconsin deserves a round of applause.  On his weekly time card he describes his position as  Meat Head.” 
Two truck drivers applied for a job. One said, “I’m Joe and this is my partner, John; when I drive at night, he sleeps.” The foreman said, “all right, I’ll give you and oral test.  It’s two o’clock in the morning.  You’re on a little bridge and your truck is loaded with nitroglycerin.  All of a sudden a truck comes toward you at about 70 miles per hour.  What’s the first thing you do?” Joe said; “I wake up my partner, John.  He never saw a wreck like this before. 
An inebriated crook had a little problem and ended up at the police station. “Couldn’t you get that crook to confess to the crime?” asked the police chief. “We tried everything, Sir.  We browbeat and badgered him wit every question we could think of.” “How did he respond? He just dozed off and said now and then:  “Yes, Dear. You are perfectly right.”  
A man mentioned to his landlord about the tenants in the apartment over his.  “Many a night they stamp on the floor and shout till midnight.”  When the landlord asked if it bothered him, he replied, “Not really, for I usually stay up and practice my trumpet till about that time most every night anyway.”
A tightwad was looking for a gift to give a friend.  Everything was too expensive except for a glass vase that had been broken and he could purchase it for almost nothing.  He asked the store to send it hoping his friend would think it had been broken in transit. In due time he received a note:  “thanks for the vase,” it read.  “It was so thoughtful Of you to wrap each piece separately.” 
A man went to the psychiatrist because he had a fear of thunder.  “Doc, I don’t know what to do,” said the man. The doctor replied,  “That’s ridiculous.  Thunder is a natural phenomenon – nothing to be afraid of.  Whenever you hear thunder, do like I do:  Put your head under the pillow and it will go away.” 
A college student said to his mother, “I decided that I want to be a political science major and that I want to clean up the mess in the world!” “That is very nice,” muted his mother.  “You can go upstairs and start with your room.” 
“Hi, police department?  I’ve lost my cat and … “Sorry lady, this is not a police job, we are too busy… “But you don’t understand… this is a very intelligent cat.  He is almost human. He can practically talk.” “Well, you’d better hang up, lady.  He may be trying to call you right now.” 
A guy coming out of the gym tells his friend; “I just lost 10 pounds!” His friend says;  “Turn around; I think I found them!” 
Susan and Martha meet at the market and exchange news. Susan said: My husband was named Man of the Year. Martha replied: Well that shows you what kind of a year it’s been 
A husband asks:  Why do you weep and snuffle over a TV program and the imaginary sadness of people you have never met? Wife:  For the same reason you scream and yell when a man you don’t know makes a touchdown.  
The comments of a young mother:  Before I got married, I had six theories about bringing up children.  Now I have six children and no theories.
A rancher asked his veterinarian for some free advice.  “I have a horse that walks normally sometimes, and sometimes he limps.  What shall I do?” The Vet replied,  “The next time he walks normally, sell him.”  
A women’s lib speaker was addressing a large group and said, “Where would man be today if it were not for woman?” She paused a moment and looked around the room.  “I repeat, where would man be today if it were not for woman?” From the back of the room came a voice,  “He’d be in the Garden of Eden eating strawberries.” 
A girl involved with the women’s lib group boarded a crowded bus and one man rose to his feet.  “No, No, you must not give up your seat.  I insist,” she said. The man replied; “You may insist as much as you like, Lady,”  “This is my street where I get off.” 
Wife:  I dreamed you gave me $500 for summer clothes last night.  You would not spoil that dream, would you, Dear? Husband:  Of course not, Darling. You may keep the $500.00 
Two idiots are sitting in front of a mirror.  One said, "Why don’t we meet the two people in the mirror", so they stood up and the other one said, "sit, sit they're coming!" 
A Spanish teacher was explaining to her class that in Spanish, unlike English, nouns are designated as either masculine or feminine. "House" for instance, is feminine: "la casa." "Pencil," however, is masculine: "el lapiz." A student asked, "What gender is 'computer'?" Instead of giving the answer, the teacher split the class into two groups, male and female, and asked them to decide for themselves whether "computer" should be a masculine or a feminine noun. Each group was asked to give four reasons for its recommendation. The men's group decided that "computer" should definitely be of the feminine gender ("la computadora") because: 1. No one but their creator understands their internal logic. 2. The native language they use to communicate with other computers is incomprehensible to everyone else. 3. Even the smallest mistakes are stored in long term memory for possible later retrieval; and 4. As soon as you make a commitment to one, you find yourself spending half your paycheck on accessories for it.  (THIS GETS BETTER!) The women's group, however, concluded that computers should be masculine ("el computador") because: 1. In order to do anything with them, you have to turn them on. 2. They have a lot of data but still can't think for themselves. 3. They are supposed to help you solve problems, but half the time, they ARE the problem; and 4. As soon as you commit to one, you realize that if you had waited a little longer, you could have gotten a better model. The women won. 
Confusius say: "man who run behind car get exhausted"..."man who run in front of car get tired"
Teacher: What does your father do for a living? Student: He is a magician. Teacher: what is his favorite event. Student: He cuts people in two. Teacher: How many brothers and sisters do you have? Student: One half-brother and one half-sister.... 
Charlie took his girl friend to her first football game.  They had really good seats, right above their team's bench.  At the end of the game, Charlie asked her if she liked it.    "Yeah, it was great," she said. "I mean, with all the tight pants and stuff.  I just don't get why all the fuss about a quarter!"    Charlie is confused. "A quarter?"  "At the beginning of the game," she explained, "I saw the two guys flip a quarter.  Then the rest of the game, all they said was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' Hello! It's only 25 cents!"
Note outside a laundry shop: "Drop your clothes here for best results" !!
Ad outside a store specializing in jeans-wear: "Ladies have fits upstairs".
How do you catch a Polynesian squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a coconut.
How do you catch a mechanically inclined squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a 9/16-12N nut.
How do you catch a carpenter squirrel (Definition: a squirrel that likes power tools)? Go to Home Depot and pretend to be nut-wood. 
True story from a Novell NetWire SysOp: Caller: "Hello, is this Tech Support?" Tech: "Yes, it is. How may I help you?" Caller: "The cup holder on my PC is broken and I am within my warranty period. How do I go about getting that fixed?" Tech: "I'm sorry, but did you say a cup holder?"  Caller: "Yes, it's attached to the front of my computer." Tech: "Please excuse me if I seem a bit stumped. It's because I am.  Did you receive this as part of a promotional, at a trade show? How did you get this cup holder? Does it have any trademark on it?" Caller: "It came with my computer, I don't know anything about a promotional.  It just has '4X' on it. “At this point the Tech Rep had to mute the caller, because he couldn't stand it. The caller had been using the load drawer of the CD-ROM drive as a cup holder, and snapped it off the drive! 
Q: Why did the turtle cross the street? A: To get to the shell station  
How do you catch a squirrel that likes hazel nuts? Climb a tree, act like a nut but whisper, "Oh, Filbert."
A giraffe walks into a bar. The bartender says, "mug or long neck?"
DOES THIS HOMEWORK LOOK FAMILIAR?  We professors have a memory for names that is best served in one of the following ways:   Your name is an eponym (you’re named after a famous person or place),  An epiphenomenon process occurred (you told me your name and I remembered it), or  An epistolary action occurred (you wrote your name down on the homework).  Of the three choices, the last is the best because not everyone can be named Abe Lincoln and we have trouble remembering where we put our wallets.   Professor Johnson, 4/19/00, written comments posted on his office door with the suspect homework 
Q: Why did the turtle cross the street? A: To get to the shell station  
How do you catch a squirrel that likes hazel nuts? Climb a tree, act like a nut but whisper, "Oh, Filbert."
A giraffe walks into a bar. The bartender says, "mug or long neck?"
Travis and McGee met over a beer in the local pub.  After a while the subject of sports came up.  Travis asked McGee, "Do you play golf?" "Sure," said McGee, "I play well enough to know why they call it 'golf'."   Puzzled, Travis asks, "Why do they call it 'golf'?" "Because," replied McGee, "that's the only 4-letter word left!!" 
Looking at an optical mouse, an idiot said, "Look! They are making everything solar these days."
A game warden noticed his elderly neighbor was going fishing every mourning without any fishing tackle only a silver lunch box. When he returned in the evening he would always have a stringer full of fish. The game warden was curious on how he was catching his fish. He asked the elderly neighbor how he caught so many fish. The man replied he would show him if he would like to go with him the following mourning. The Game warden replied he would love to go. The following mourning they hooked up his boat and the old man had his silver lunch box with him as usual. They launched the boat and in the middle of the lake the old man stopped the boat opened his lunch box took out a stick of dynamite lit it and through into the lake. Seconds later fish came floating up the game warden was shocked and told the old man that was illegal. The old man calmly lit another stick of dynamite handed it to the game warden, then asked him well are you going to fish or just cut bait.
There was a man who always acted like he knew everything. On one occasion he accompany a friend to buy a computer.  Looking at an optical mouse, his friend asks "Why use light when you can use the ball?"  The guy thought for a minute and said; "You can use it as a flashlight when the power goes out!"
Mom says to her daughter: " Jennie you have your boot on the wrong foot!  Little Jennie replies,  "Mommy, I didn't know I had a wrong foot". 
Just something funny to read.   1) It’s better to be crazy & know it than being sane & doubt it. 2) I’m lost. I've gone out to find me. If I come back before I return, please ask me to wait. 3) I live in my own little world!!! But that's okay, cause they know me there. 4) No lifeguard on duty. Swim at your own risk... 5) Daydreaming is way better than school! 6) Education is the progressive relation of our ignorance. 7) Insanity: A perfectly normal change to a normal mind. 8) The voices in my head are snoring. 9) Me? Psychotic? What gave you that idea? 10) I’m not crazy! It's the rest of you that are freaks! 11) You say I'm psycho like it's a bad thing! 12) Insanity in individuals is something rare but in groups, parties, nations, & epochs... it is the rule!!! 13) Only two things are infinite: the universe, & human stupidity... 14) My fist & your teeth have an appointment... 15) If nobody is perfect then hi, my name is Nobody. 16) Caution: Professionals at work 17) I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead. 18) Due to recent cutbacks, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off till further notice!!! 19) Lifting weights are fun!!! Use your siblings to your advantage. 
So a Skeleton walks into a bar and says, "Barkeep, I need a beer and a mop"
Q. What did the digital clock say to the analog clock?  A. Look, no hands! 
Two drunks, Santa and Banta, enter a hotel late at night. They approach the clerk, and Santa says, "Could you pleash give ush a bed with two rooms?"  "You mean a room with two beds?" asks the clerk. "Whatever, whatever you shay." So they get a key and somehow manage to stumble upstairs to their room. After fumbling for ten minutes, they even manage to get their door open. As they stumble inside, the door closes behind them and they are in total darkness. They go forward slowly, and both fall on the bed closest to the door.  "Ahh," says Santa, "Now we can get some sleep at last." As they try to rearrange themselves, they suddenly realize that they are not alone in their bed. "Hey! There's somebody in my bed!" says Banta.  "There's somebody in my bed too!" says Santa. "Let's get rid of them. We paid for this room and we're going to sleep in the beds!" says Banta. They start a tremendous struggle. They heave and push until eventually Santa throws Banta on the floor.  “ALL RIGHT!!" Santa shouts, "I've thrown mine off the bed." "You're lucky," says Banta, "I got thrown off and I'm too tired to fight any more." "Well, never mind," says Santa, "Why don't you just come and share my bed. Let's get some sleep round here." 
Hey have you heard about the sidewalk?  No! Well it’s all over town!!! 
 What did the young Arnold Schwarzenegger state, when attending music school in Austria, after turning down the chance to become another Beethoven, Mozart or Chopin? What did he say?  "I'll be Bach." 
Q: What do you call the Surgical Procedure you perform on a " Yellow Citrus Fruit" that has Spinal stenosis?.  A: A Lemonectomy!   
....have you heard about the new Italian electric car?.....it's just $2000. But the extension cord is $12000.
A man and his wife were sitting in the living room discussing a 'Living Will'.   "Just so you know, I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle.  If that ever happens, just pull the plug."   His wife got up, unplugged the TV, and threw out all the beer. 
One day an old lady and an old man were sitting on their porch when the old lady says "Hey pa, why don't you run down to the restaurant and get us some ice cream." Pa said, "Ok I will go right now." Ma told him that she had better write it down for him, because he always forgets. He said no he would be fine, so off he went to the restaurant. When he got back he handed her a hamburger and she said "Dang it pa, I knew you would forget, I told you to get mustard on mine!"
Q: Why did the farmer get a Nobel Prize?  A: He was out-standing in his field! 
A doctor and a dentist fell in love with a same girl. One day, the dentist had to go abroad for one week to fulfill his work, so he gave the girl seven apples and asked her to eat one apple everyday.  Know why?  An apple a day keeps the doctor away!  
Q: How come legacy programmers get Halloween and Christmas confused?  A: Because   Oct 31 = Dec 25     (Octal 31 = Decimal 25)
A duck walks into a job center and says to the man behind the desk 'Excuse me; I'm looking for a job. Can you help?' The man can't believe it and replies 'hold on minute sir, I'll make some enquiries for you'....the man then phones up a showbiz agency and explains that there's this amazing talking duck wanting a job and could the agent find him work in a show somewhere. Obviously the agent is excited and has no problem in finding a show for the duck.  The man goes back to the duck and says 'Good news sir, I've found you job in show business'  With this the duck replies 'That’s no good, I'm a plumber' 
A lady walking down the street one day saw a man walking towards her. The man was talking to himself, waving his arms around his head and jumping up and down three times. He repeated this several times. The lady asked the man what he was doing? The man replied I am keeping the pink elephants away. The lady replied, "Why? There are no pink elephants around here."  The man replied, "I know, works great doesn't it?" 
This is what cats have scheduled around the clock! You indoor cat owners can agree with me! 12:00 AM: The cat gets hungry hops on to nearest human attempts to wake human up to feed the cat! 1:00 AM: After human feeds the cat at midnight, the cat gets a surge of energy and has a sudden need to play!! Cat then jumps up and down on human’s chest as a use for entertainment.  3:06 AM: After the human throws the cat off the bed, the cat jumps back up on the bed and finds the human's toes as a new toy. 3:10 AM: After the human kicks the cat off the bed, the cat gets angry and storms out of the room. 4:00 AM: Human goes to the bathroom. Cats find this a great opportunity to show affection for human. When human returns to the bedroom he finds the cat totally stretched out in the right across the dead center of the bed. After human throws cat into basement the cat feels upset and hurt. Cat claws and meows at the door in order to get the humans attention. 4:10 AM: Human frustrated because it is getting no sleep and it has to go to work at 5:00. The human cannot sleep because it hears the loud noises that the cat is making. Human opens the door to the basement and the cat runs into the human’s bedroom and under the bed. 4:40 AM: After spending 30 minutes trying to get the cat out from under the bed. The human gives up and rushes to get ready for work.  5:59 AM: After the human gets a shower and brushes its teeth. It opens the door to leave for work, when the cat runs out into the yard.  5:15 AM: The human finally catches the cat and it is very tired and upset he will be 20 minutes late for work. 5:20 AM: After being roughly thrown inside, the cat watches the human speed off. The cat then congratulates himself of a job well done and the cat sleeps for the next 3 hours. 8:30 AM: After spending 3 hours of lovely slumber the cat gets busy to work by throwing up and going to the bathroom on the carpet. The cat then amuses itself by knocking over lamps, shedding on the furniture, eating plants, and eating meat on the counter that the human forgot to put away last night.  3:00 PM: The cat is very tired after destroying the house and the cat goes to the human’s bed and finds comfort under the covers. 5:00 PM: The human walks in the door coming from work and it is very upset because it got fired from work for being late. 5:05 PM: The human is very tired and falls over on the bed in exhaustion. 5:06 PM: The human tries to calm the cat down after it was just smashed by the human. 6:00 PM: The human feeds the cat and the cat forgives the human for smashing it! 9:00 PM: After feeding the cat again the human attempts to go to sleep because it has to wake up at 5:00 because it wants find another job. 9:30 PM: The human goes to bed finally after watching TV with the cat. The human then decides to sleep for at least 2 and half hours. 12:00 AM: The cat gets hungry hops on to nearest human attempts to wake human up to feed the cat..................  
Gas prices are so high that when this college girl pulled into a gas station and asked for 2 dollar’s worth, the attendant dabbed some behind her ears.
Our generation never got a break.  When we were young they taught us to respect our elders.  Now that we are older, they tell us to listen to the youth of the country.
A man entered a barbershop and said: “I am tired of looking like everyone else!  I want a change! Part my hair from ear to ear!” “Are you sure?” “Yes!” said the man. The barber did as he was told, and a satisfied customer left the shop. A few hours passed and the man reentered the shop.  “Put it back the way it was,” he said.  “What’s the matter? Asked the barber.  “Are you tired of being a nonconformist already?” “No”, he replied,  “I am tired of people whispering in my nose!”  
The doctor told the idiot to take this medicine after a hot bath.   He could hardly finish drinking the bath!
A bear walked into a bar, slapped a $50.00 bill on the bar and ordered a beer.  The bartender looked at the $50 bill, then at the bear and said; "I'll be back in a minute." He went to his manager and stated what had just occurred.  The manager told him to go back to the bar, give the bear a beer, $.50 change and strike up a conversation. The bartender drew a beer, placed it on the bar, took the $50 bill, tossed fifty cents on the bar and said; "You know we don't get many bears in here".  The bear looked at the 50 cents, then at the beer, then said to the bartender; "$49.50 for a beer I can see why!" 
A mom concerned about her kindergarten son's safety walking to school but not wanting to embarrass him, asked a neighbor if she would follow him but not too close for him to notice. The neighbor Mrs. Goodnest said no problem since she needed to take her toddler Marcy for a walk. The next day Mrs. Goodnest and her girl Marcy followed the boys. After a week of being followed a friend asked Timmy if he noticed the lady following them. Timmy said yes. His friend asked if he knew her. Timmy said yes, she is Shirley Goodnest and her daughter Marcy. His friend asked why was she following them. Timmy answered; well every night my mom makes me say the 23rd psalm with my prayers. In the psalm it says, “Shirley Goodnest and Marcy shall follow me all the days of my life" so I'll just have to get use to it.
Is a technique for distributing all the junk in your garage among all the other garages in the neighborhood.
If you drop a fork, it’s a sign company is coming.  If a fork is missing, it’s a sign company is leaving.
Is a technique for distributing all the junk in your garage among all the other garages in the neighborhood.
The doctor told the idiot to take this medicine after a hot bath.   He could hardly finish drinking the bath!
Two women are talking about marriage.  One woman says: “ I wonder if my husband will love me when my hair is gray.”  “Why not?  He’s loved you through three shades already.” Replied her friend.
The psychiatrist said sternly to the patient:  “If you think you are walking out of here cured after only three sessions, you are crazy.”
After many sessions the psychiatrist says to his patient: Congratulations, Sir, you are cured.  The patient says:  Some cure.  Before I was Alexander the Great.  Now I’m nobody.
Gas prices are so high that when this college girl pulled into a gas station and asked for 2 dollar’s worth, the attendant dabbed some behind her ears.
Our generation never got a break.  When we were young they taught us to respect our elders.  Now that we are older, they tell us to listen to the youth of the country.
A man entered a barbershop and said: “I am tired of looking like everyone else!  I want a change! Part my hair from ear to ear!” “Are you sure?” “Yes!” said the man. The barber did as he was told, and a satisfied customer left the shop. A few hours passed and the man reentered the shop.  “Put it back the way it was,” he said.  “What’s the matter? Asked the barber.  “Are you tired of being a nonconformist already?” “No”, he replied,  “I am tired of people whispering in my nose!”  
Judge: Haven’t I seen you before? Man: Yes, Your Honor.  I taught your daughter how to play the drums. Judge: Twenty years! 
Husband:  Don’t put that money in your mouth.  There are germs on it. Wife:  Don’t be silly.  Even a germ can’t live on the money you make. 
“Now that looks like a happily married couple,” remarked the husband.  “Don’t be too sure, dear," began the wife. "They're probably saying the same thing about us.”
The psychiatrist said sternly to the patient:  “If you think you are walking out of here cured after only three sessions, you are crazy.”
If love is blind, and marriage is an institution, is marriage an institution for the blind?
Two buddies were having a chat. Said one, "You know, I can trace my ancestors up the Family Tree." The other responded," That's so? Well, far as l know, there are only two things that live on trees: Them's birds and monkeys, and I see that you ain't got no feathers."
The physician writing out a prescription for his hypertensive cardiac patient: “Diazepam 5mg (tranquilizer) TDS". The patient’s wife asks, "Doctor, when are these medicines to be given?" Doctor:  "These are to be taken by you. He needs rest" 
There is a book called Disorder in the Court. These are things people actually said in court, word for word, taken down and now published by court reporters - who had the torment of staying calm while these exchanges were actually taking place.  Some of these are excellent ...  Q: What is your date of birth?  A: July fifteenth.  Q: What year?  A: Every year.  Q: What gear were you in at the moment of the accident?  A: Gucci sweatshirt and Reeboks.   Q: So the date of conception (of the baby) was August 8th?  A: Yes.  Q: And what were you doing at that time?   Q: She had three children, right?  A: Yes.  Q: How many were boys?  A: None.  Q: Were there any girls?  Q: How was your first marriage terminated?  A: By death.  Q: By whose death was it terminated?   Q: Can you describe the individual?  A: He was about medium height and had a beard.  Q: Was this a male, or a female?   Q: Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?  A: All my autopsies are performed on dead people.    Q: All your responses must be oral, OK? What school did you go to?  A: Oral.   Q: Do you recall the time that you examined the body?  A: The autopsy started around 8:30 p.m.  Q: And Mr. Dennington was dead at the time?  A: No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an autopsy on him.  Q: What was the first thing your husband said to you when he woke up that morning?  A: He said, "Where am I, Cathy?"  Q: And why did that upset you?  A: My name is Susan.   Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?  A: No.  Q: Did you check for blood pressure?  A: No.  Q: Did you check for breathing?  A: No.  Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?  A: No.  Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?  A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.  Q: But could the patient have still been alive, nevertheless?  A: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere 
After many sessions the psychiatrist says to his patient: Congratulations, Sir, you are cured.  The patient says:  Some cure.  Before I was Alexander the Great.  Now I’m nobody.
Judge: Haven’t I seen you before? Man: Yes, Your Honor.  I taught your daughter how to play the drums. Judge: Twenty years! 
Husband:  Don’t put that money in your mouth.  There are germs on it. Wife:  Don’t be silly.  Even a germ can’t live on the money you make. 
“Now, that looks like a happily married couple.” Remarks the husband. “Don’t be too sure, my Dear.  They are probable saying the same thing about us.” Replied his wife.  
If you drop a fork, it’s a sign company is coming.  If a fork is missing, it’s a sign company is leaving.
President Bush can't find WMD in Iraq, and can't do anything about gas prices, so he's come out for "Intelligent Design".  I guess that shows that religion, not patriotism, is the last refuge of a politician. 
HOW YOU KNOW YOU'VE HAD TOO MUCH OF THE 1990'  1.) You tried to enter your password on the microwave.  2.) You now think of three espressos as "getting wasted."  3.) You haven't played solitaire with a real deck of cards in years.  4.) You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3.  5.) You e-mail your son in his room to tell him that dinner is ready, and he e-mails you back "What's for dinner?"  6.) Your daughter sells Girl Scout Cookies via her web site.  7.) You chat several times a day with a stranger from South Africa, but you haven't spoken to your next door neighbor yet this year.  8.) You didn't give your valentine a card this year, but you posted one for your e-mail buddies via a web page.  9.) Your daughter just bought a C.D. of all the records your college roommate used to play.  10.) You check the ingredients on a can of chicken noodle soup to see if it contains Echinacea.  11.) You check your blow dryer to see if it's Y2K compliant.  12.) Your grandmother clogs up your e-mail Inbox, asking you to send her JPEG file of your newborn so she can create a screen saver.  13.) You pull up in your own driveway and use your cell phone to see if anyone is home. 
Dad: "What happened to your eye?" Tom: "I was staring at a ball from afar, and I was wondering why it was getting bigger and bigger. Then, it hit me." 
Somehow we always think we are aging at a slower rate than everyone else, this was true of this older woman who is seeing a doctor for the first time. She was taken into a room and told to “make herself comfortable.”  While reading the doctor's diploma on the wall, she realizes that she went to high school with him many years ago. The doctor enters the room; he is very gray, and slightly bent over from old age, and says, “Hello, how can I help you?”   The woman asks, “Did you attend Roosevelt High School?”  “Yes I did,” the doctor answered.  She asks, “Class of 49?”   “Yes, I was,” was the answered.  The woman was delighted, and said, “You were in my class!”  The doctor responded, “What did you teach?”
Q: What did Mark do when he missed Bus number 6? A: He took Bus number 3 twice!!! 
Two friends, John & Jerry were on vacation in the isles of Fiji. While there they decided to go out fishing since hearing of the many great fishing spots.  They rented a boat and left before sunrise. The sun was now shining directly down on their heads. They realized that they'd been out at sea for nearly 4 hrs. Jerry turns around and says, " So much for the great fishing spot! I think I’m ready to head in!" John replies, "well, let's just try casting over there", as he pointed east of where they were. Jerry agrees and not long after they started hauling in loads and loads of fish. Jerry with a glee in his face shouts out to John, "this is the best fishing spot ever!” I know, says John we should definitely mark this place. Jerry: don't worry I’ll mark it down. As they headed back to shore, John asks Jerry what did he put out there as to mark their fishing spot. Jerry answers: Well I marked the side of the boat! Right here, see, a red cross! John with a surprised look turns to his friend and says, "that is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard! What if we don't take out the same boat tomorrow"! 
The policeman was interviewing the man whose store had jus been robbed. “It’s bad,” said the owner, “but it’s not as bad as it would have been if he’d robbed me yesterday.” “Why is that?” the policeman asked “Because today everything was on sale.”  
Carl asked, “Got anything to cure fleas on a dog?” “That depends,” the slow-minded vet replied. “What’s wrong with them?” 
The patient staggered to the pharmacy counter flinching. “Say, would you give me something for my head?” The pharmacist looked up.   “Why? What would I do with it?”  
“This little computer,” said the a sales clerk, “will do half your job for you.” The senior manager studying the machine made his decision; “Fine, I’ take two.” 
Mr. Parker saw his son’s shiner and demanded, “Jimmy, who gave you that black eye?” “No one,” replied the spunky child.   “I had to fight for it.” 
Dad: "What happened to your eye?" Tom: "I was staring at a ball from afar, and I was wondering why it was getting bigger and bigger. Then, it hit me." 
President Bush can't find WMD in Iraq, and can't do anything about gas prices, so he's come out for "Intelligent Design".  I guess that shows that religion, not patriotism, is the last refuge of a politician. 
A father buys his son 2 Goldfish, and once the father has given the boy the fish, he tells him he must call the goldfish 1 and 2. Puzzled, the boy asks his father why this is, well the father replies, if 1 dies, you still got 2!!!
Teacher:  “why are you always late for school?” Student: “ because you always ring the bell before I get here!  
The missionary arrived in the cannibal village on Saturday, and by Monday night he was history.  Looking through his belongings, one of the natives found a magazine and without missing a beat began tearing out pictures of people and popping them in is mouth. Seeing what he was doing, a friend asked, “So…how’s the dehydrated stuff?”  
After reading the complicated instructions for the automatic teller, the confused customer walked over to a bank officer.  “Excused me,” said the customer,  “but I was wondering if you could help me out.”  “Certainly,” smiled the officer.  “Go right through that door.”
Mr. Johnson walked anxiously to the house and knocked.  When a nice old lady answered, he said very sad, “I’m sorry, madam, but I have some bad news.  “I’m afraid I have run over your cat.  I… I would like to replace it.” The little lady looked him up and down and said,  “I’m game, but how are you at catching mice?” 
The man walked over to the perfume counter and told the clerk he would like a bottle of Christian Dior for his wife’s birthday. “A little surprise eh?” said the clerk. “You bet,” replied the man.  “She is expecting a cruise.” 
The judge frowned at the tired robber and said, “then you admit breaking into the same store on three successive nights?” ”Yes, your honor.” “And why was that?” “Because my wife wanted a dress.” The judge check with his records, “But it says here you broke in three nights in a row!” “Yes sir. She made me exchange it two times.” 
The policeman was interviewing the man whose store had jus been robbed. “It’s bad,” said the owner, “but it’s not as bad as it would have been if he’d robbed me yesterday.” “Why is that?” the policeman asked “Because today everything was on sale.”  
Carl asked, “Got anything to cure fleas on a dog?” “That depends,” the slow-minded vet replied. “What’s wrong with them?” 
The patient staggered to the pharmacy counter flinching. “Say, would you give me something for my head?” The pharmacist looked up.   “Why? What would I do with it?”  
“This little computer,” said the a sales clerk, “will do half your job for you.” The senior manager studying the machine made his decision; “Fine, I’ take two.” 
The judge frowned at the tired robber and said, “then you admit breaking into the same store on three successive nights?” ”Yes, your honor.” “And why was that?” “Because my wife wanted a dress.” The judge check with his records, “But it says here you broke in three nights in a row!” “Yes sir. She made me exchange it two times.” 
Mr. Parker saw his son’s shiner and demanded, “Jimmy, who gave you that black eye?” “No one,” replied the spunky child.   “I had to fight for it.” 
The missionary arrived in the cannibal village on Saturday, and by Monday night he was history.  Looking through his belongings, one of the natives found a magazine and without missing a beat began tearing out pictures of people and popping them in is mouth. Seeing what he was doing, a friend asked, “So…how’s the dehydrated stuff?”  
1. Golden Retriever: The sun is shining the day is young, we've got our whole lives ahead of us, and you're inside worrying about a stupid burned out bulb?  2. Border Collie: Just one. And then I'll replace any wiring that's not up to code.  3. Dachshund: You know I can't reach that stupid lamp!  4. Rottweiler: Make me.  5. Boxer: Who cares? I can still play with my squeaky toys in the dark.  6. Lab: Oh, me, me!!!!! Pleeeeeeeeeze let me change the light bulb! Can I? Can I? Huh? Huh? Huh? Can I? Pleeeeeeeeeze, please, please, please!  7. German Shepherd: I'll change it as soon as I've led these people from the dark, check to make sure I haven't missed any, and make just one more perimeter patrol to see that no one has tried to take advantage of the situation.  8. Jack Russell Terrier: I'll just pop it in while I'm bouncing off the walls and furniture.  9. Old English Sheep Dog: Light bulb? I'm sorry, but I don't see a light bulb?  10. Cocker Spaniel: Why change it? I can still mess on the carpet in the dark.  11. Chihuahua: Yo quiero Taco Bulb.  12. Pointer: I see it, there it is, there it is, right there...  13. Greyhound: It isn't moving. Who cares?  14. Australian Shepherd: First, I'll put all the light bulbs in a little circle ...  15. Poodle: I'll just blow in the Border Collie's ear and he'll do it. By the time he finishes rewiring the house, my nails will be dry.   The Cat's Answer: "Dogs do not change light bulbs. HUmans change light bulbs.    
After reading the complicated instructions for the automatic teller, the confused customer walked over to a bank officer.  “Excused me,” said the customer,  “but I was wondering if you could help me out.”  “Certainly,” smiled the officer.  “Go right through that door.”
The man walked over to the perfume counter and told the clerk he would like a bottle of Christian Dior for his wife’s birthday. “A little surprise eh?” said the clerk. “You bet,” replied the man.  “She is expecting a cruise.” 
Mr. Johnson walked anxiously to the house and knocked.  When a nice old lady answered, he said very sad, “I’m sorry, madam, but I have some bad news.  “I’m afraid I have run over your cat.  I… I would like to replace it.” The little lady looked him up and down and said,  “I’m game, but how are you at catching mice?” 
The nurse burst into the doctor’s office.  “Doctor! She yelled, “you just gave a clean bill of health to Mr. Smith and … and he dropped dead right outside the door!” The doctor jumped into action.  “Quick,” he said, “We’ve got to turn him around so it looks like he was just coming in!” 
“I’ll have you know,” said the snob to his date, “my father is a famous man in this town. He’s a Lion...a Moose…and an Elk.” “Wow!” said his date, “and what do you charge to see him?” 
A Sunday school teacher asked the children in her class, "If I sold my house and my car, had a big garage sale and gave all my money to the church, would I get into Heaven?" "No!" the children all answered. "If I cleaned the church every day, mowed the yard, and kept everything neat and tidy, would I get into Heaven?" Again the answer was "No!" "Well", she continued, "then how can I get into Heaven?" A five-year-old boy shouted out, "You gotta be dead!" 
The bum approached the well-dressed man.  “Say, pal, could you spare ten bucks for a soft drink?” “Ten dollars!” the man exclaimed. “Listen my dear fellow, not even in this city will you find  a place that charges so much for a soda.” I know, said the panhandler, “but it’s my girlfriend’s birthday and I wanted to knock off early.”   
“Jenny!” screamed her mother, “why are you feeding birdseed to the cat?” “I have to,” Jenny replied.  “That’s where my canary is.” 
“Young woman,” said the judge, “this court is going to see to it that you receive one thousand dollars a month in alimony. “Thanks,” the husband spoke up,  “and I’ll try to give her a few bucks myself.” 
“How long have you been working here?” one employee asked another.  “Ever since the boss threatened to fire me.” 
After his divorce Mr. Lewis realized that poker isn’t the only game that starts with holding hands and ends with an astounding financial loss. 
After his divorce Mr. Lewis realized that poker isn’t the only game that starts with holding hands and ends with an astounding financial loss. 
Q: What’s the hardest part about skydiving                                 A: The ground. 
The bum approached the well-dressed man.  “Say, pal, could you spare ten bucks for a soft drink?” “Ten dollars!” the man exclaimed. “Listen my dear fellow, not even in this city will you find  a place that charges so much for a soda.” I know, said the panhandler, “but it’s my girlfriend’s birthday and I wanted to knock off early.”   
“Jenny!” screamed her mother, “why are you feeding birdseed to the cat?” “I have to,” Jenny replied.  “That’s where my canary is.” 
Harry and Esther are out shopping one morning when Esther says, "Darling, it's my mother's birthday tomorrow. What shall we buy for her? She said she would like something electric."  Harry replies, "How about a chair?"  
A man was looking to hire a driver for a bus tour business. Three men applied for the job. He calls one into his office to interview him. The man says that he can put the wheels right on the edge of a bridge, drive, and not fall off. The employer is very impressed. He calls another man in. This man says that he can put the wheels halfway off of a bridge, drive, and not fall off. The employer is again very impressed. He calls the last man in.  He says, "I heard what the other two guys said, and I don't think I could match them. I usually drive in the middle of a bridge".
A man was looking to hire a driver for a bus tour business. Three men applied for the job. He calls one into his office to interview him. The man says that he can put the wheels right on the edge of a bridge, drive, and not fall off. The employer is very impressed. He calls another man in. This man says that he can put the wheels halfway off of a bridge, drive, and not fall off. The employer is again very impressed. He calls the last man in.  He says, "I heard what the other two guys said, and I don't think I could match them. I usually drive in the middle of a bridge".
Why did the nerd eat the fifth grader's math test?? Because it was a peace of cake!! 
“Young woman,” said the judge, “this court is going to see to it that you receive one thousand dollars a month in alimony. “Thanks,” the husband spoke up,  “and I’ll try to give her a few bucks myself.” 
The nurse burst into the doctor’s office.  “Doctor! She yelled, “you just gave a clean bill of health to Mr. Smith and … and he dropped dead right outside the door!” The doctor jumped into action.  “Quick,” he said, “We’ve got to turn him around so it looks like he was just coming in!” 
“I’ll have you know,” said the snob to his date, “my father is a famous man in this town. He’s a Lion...a Moose…and an Elk.” “Wow!” said his date, “and what do you charge to see him?” 
The world’s worst conductor was directing up his band during a practice for an upcoming concert.  Half way through the first act he was directing with wild abandon when, out of his hand, his baton flew and impaled itself in the eye of a flute player instantly killing her.  The police arrive shortly after and ruled the case as an accident.  The following week at practice, he again was caught up in the music of the second act and out of his hand flew the baton, which this time struck a flute player in the eye instantly killing her.  The police arrived and after consideration ruled the case an accident.  The following week at practice the conductor again got lost in the moment of the music of the third act and out of his hand flew the baton this time hitting a trumpet player in the eye and killing him instantly. After the police arrived they could not believe that this was an accident after the third death, and the conductor was arrested.  The conductor was tried and sentenced to death in the electric chair. After strapping him in the chair operator threw the switch, nothing happened. Again he threw the switch and nothing happened.  The warden was frustrated by this time and demanded that the chair operator explain what the problem was, to which the chair operator explained, "Well, everyone knows he's a bad conductor
 Two guys are in a car. The driver comes to a stoplight and goes right through it. His friend says, " What are you doing." The driver says, " Its ok my brother does it all the time." They come up to another stoplight and they go right through.  His friend says, “You are out of your mind.”  The driver says, “Its ok my brother does it all the time.” They come up to a green light and he stops. His friend says, “Its green, go.”  Driver says, I can’t my brother might be coming!
After a hard day of drilling, the drill sergeant let the troops go. "All right, you idiots, report to the mess hall."  Everybody walked away, sweating and their heads down, thankful for the end of the hard day.  Only one private remained.  He looked at the officer and sincerely said, "Boy, there sure were a lot of them, huh, serge."
A Texas Cattle Rancher and an Illinois Farmer were debating on who had the biggest spread of land. The Texas Cattle Rancher said, "I'll tell ya what son, my ranch is so big that I can get in my pickup truck and start out at the western entrance to my ranch and drive straight east all dog-gone day and still not reach the eastern entrance to my ranch". The Illinois Farmer scratched his head and spit out his chewin' tobacco and replied, "Ya know......I used to have an old pickup truck just like that".
A Texas Oil Tycoon and an Alaskan Oil Tycoon were debating on which state had the most oil. The Alaskan Oil Tycoon said, "Listen, there is so much oil in Alaska that I could buy enough gold to build a wall of solid gold 100 feet tall and 100 feet wide all the way around the state of Texas". The Texas Oil Tycoon scratched his chin and adjusted his cowboy hat and said, "Well boy, I'll tell ya what....you just go ahead and build that wall, and if I like it.......I'll buy it".
A guy gets into a taxi after a boozy night out and halfway through the journey wants to stop and buy cigarettes. He taps the driver on the shoulder and suddenly the driver screams, swerves across the road and mounts the sidewalk stopping just short of a brick wall. All was quiet for a few moments and then the driver turns around and says "Don't EVER tap me on the shoulder whilst I'm driving EVER again". The guy says, "I'm sorry, I didn't know it would scare you so much" The driver replies, "It wouldn't normally but this is my first night as a taxi driver and up until yesterday, for twenty five years, I was driving a Hearse. 
 A young child walked up to her mother and stared at her hair. As mother scrubbed on the dishes, the girl cleared her throat and sweetly asked; "Why do you have some grey strands in your hair?" The mother paused and looked at her daughter. "Every time you disobey, I get one strand of grey hair. If you want me to stay pretty, you better obey." The mother quickly returned to her task of washing dishes. The little girl stood there thinking. She cleared her throat again. "Mother?" She sweetly asked again. "Yes?" Her Mother replied. "Why is Grandma's hair all grey?" 
 A young lady to her friends: "You know I have never been kissed by any man except my husband." One friend: "Are you boasting or complaining?" 
1. I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."  2. Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospital dying of nothing.  3. The other night I ate at a real family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.  4. Have you noticed since everyone has a camcorder these days no one talks about seeing UFOs like they use to.  5. According to a recent survey, men say the first thing they notice about a woman is their eyes, and woman say the first thing they notice about men is they're a bunch of liars.  6. Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.  7. All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.  8. Have you noticed that a slight tax increase costs you $200 and a substantial tax cut saves you 35 cents?  9. In the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird and people take Prozac to make it normal.  10. Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.  11. How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?  12. You read about all these terrorists---most of them came here legally, but they hung around on these expired visas, some for as long as 10-15 years.  Now compare that to Blockbuster: you're two days late with a video and those people are all over you. Let's put Blockbuster in charge of immigration. 
Jack was single. He lived in a small flat, which he shared with a pet parrot and a pit bull terrier named spike. When Jack's dishwashing machine broke down, he asked his neighbor Pet, the repairman to come and fix it. “The terrier won't harm you,” said Jack before leaving, "But whatever you do, NEVER SPEAK TO THE PARROT"  Soon after, the parrot started on Pet: "I heard your wife shout at you the other day, you are such a wimp" Pet ignored it and kept working. "You couldn't change your flat tire the other day" said the parrot, “so how are you going to fix a dishwashing machine?" Fed up, Pet replied, "Okay. How would I expect you, with the brain the size of a bean to talk any sense?"  That’s it! Said the parrot, Spike, Get him! 
An elderly man who denies he is being forgetful was asked by his wife to get a cup of coffee at midnight.  "Oh sure my dear, and what else?" "That's it honey, the last time you got me a coffee, you forgot to put sugar and cream," the old wife remarked.  "That's not true, for as long as I can remember, I do not forget anything,” boasts the grandpa.  "OK sweetheart, in that case, please get me some cookies too," was the sweet reply of grandma.  "As you wish my dear," says the hubby, then he adds, "by the way, how do I go to the kitchen?"
A tornado hit a farmhouse just before dawn. It lifted the roof off, picked up the beds on which the farmer and his wife slept, and set them down gently in the next county.  The wife began to cry. “Don’t be scared, Susan,” her husband said.  “We are not hurt.” Susan continued to cry.  “I’m not scared,” she said between sobs.  “I’m happy ‘cause this is the first time in 15 years we’ve been out together. 
Cupid’s dart hurts more coming out than going in.
Did you hear about the man in  the hospital who's doctor came into his room an said "I have some bad and good news for you". The man said; “What is the bad news? The doctor said; "We need to cut off both your legs”. The man said, “What is the good news”. The doctor answered, “The man in the bed next to you wants to buy your slippers!
 Sardar Ji's wife was lying on her deathbed, and taking his hand lovingly in her own, she said " Sardar Ji, I want you to get married after I die, don’t mope around alone. But promise me you will not give my clothes to her. Keep them to remind you of our golden days together"  " No I won't " said the sardar" in any case Kalpana is a head taller than you" 
 A certain little girl, when asked her name, would reply,    "I'm Mr. Sugarbrown's daughter."  Her mother told her this was wrong, she must say, "I'm Jane Sugarbrown."  The Vicar spoke to her in Sunday school, and said, "Aren't you Mr. Sugarbrown's daughter?"  She replied, "I thought I was, but mother says I'm not."    
Pulling into the crowded parking lot at the shopping center rolled down the car windows to make sure my puppy had fresh air. She was stretched full out on the back seat and I wanted to impress upon her that she must remain there. I walked to the curb backward, pointing my finger at the car and saying emphatically, "Now you stay. Do you hear me? "Stay! Stay!" The driver of a nearby car, a pretty young lady, gave me a strange look and said, "Why don't you just put it in park?"  
The cheapest way to have your family tree traced is to run for a public office.
A newlywed is trying to console his little bride, who sprawled, dissolved in tears on the couch.  “Darling’” he implored, “Believe me.  I never said you were a terrible cook.  I merely pointed out that our garbage disposal has developed an ulcer.”
Mary said to her neighbor, “Don’t tell me you believe your husband’s story that he spent the day fishing.  Why, he didn’t come home with a single fish.” That’s why I believe him,” the neighbor said. 
A very exited mother asked her daughter:  Well, what happened when you showed the girls in the office your new engagement ring?  Did they all admire it? Her daughter replied:  Better than that, four of them recognized it. 
A sharp nose points to curiosity.  A flattened nose indicates too much curiosity.
Mary said to her neighbor, “Don’t tell me you believe your husband’s story that he spent the day fishing.  Why, he didn’t come home with a single fish.” That’s why I believe him,” the neighbor said. 
A very exited mother asked her daughter:  Well, what happened when you showed the girls in the office your new engagement ring?  Did they all admire it? Her daughter replied:  Better than that, four of them recognized it. 
A humble little man in a restaurant shyly touched the arm of a man putting on an overcoat.  “Excuse me,” he said, “but do you happen to be Mr. Williams of Main?” “No, I’m not!” the man answered with annoyance. “Oh…er…well,” stutter the little man, “you see, I am, and that’s his overcoat you’re putting on.” 
A humble little man in a restaurant shyly touched the arm of a man putting on an overcoat.  “Excuse me,” he said, “but do you happen to be Mr. Williams of Main?” “No, I’m not!” the man answered with annoyance. “Oh…er…well,” stutter the little man, “you see, I am, and that’s his overcoat you’re putting on.” 
The cheapest way to have your family tree traced is to run for a public office.
Cupid’s dart hurts more coming out than going in.
A sharp nose points to curiosity.  A flattened nose indicates too much curiosity.
A man is incomplete until he is married… then he is finished.
One guy to another; they say brunettes have a sweeter disposition than blondes and redheads.  Don’t believe it! My wife has been all three, and I couldn’t see any difference.
A tornado hit a farmhouse just before dawn. It lifted the roof off, picked up the beds on which the farmer and his wife slept, and set them down gently in the next county.  The wife began to cry. “Don’t be scared, Susan,” her husband said.  “We are not hurt.” Susan continued to cry.  “I’m not scared,” she said between sobs.  “I’m happy ‘cause this is the first time in 15 years we’ve been out together. 
The frugal man walked into the house panting and almost completely exhausted. “What happened, Honey?” asked his wife. “It’s a great new idea I have,” he gasped.  “I ran all the way home behind the bus and saved 50 cents.”  “That wasn’t to smart,” replied his wife. “Why didn’t you run behind a taxi and save five dollars?”  
Stranger:  Catch any fish? Fisherman:  Did I! I took 25 out of this stream this morning. Stranger:  Do you know who I am?  I’m the game warden. Fisherman:  Do you know who I am?  I’m the biggest liar in the country. 
“What do you think of Red China?” One woman asked another during a party on world affairs. “Oh, I don’t know,” said the other woman. “I guess it would be all right if you use it on a white tablecloth.” 
For weeks a five-year-old child kept telling his kindergarten teacher about the baby sister or brother that was expected at his house.  One day the mother allowed the child to feel the movements of the unborn baby. The five-year-old was obviously impressed, but made no comment.  Moreover, he stopped telling the teacher about the awaiting event.  Finally the teacher sat the child on her lap and said, “Lucas, whatever has become of that baby brother or sister you were expecting at home? “Lucas burst into tears and confessed,  “I think Mommy ate it!” 
The new army recruit was serving his first guard duty.  He did his best for a while but about 5 a.m. she went to sleep.  When he opened his eyes he found the day officer standing before him.  Remembering the stiff penalty for being asleep on guard duty, this clever young man kept his head bowed for another moment, then looked upward and reverently said, “A-a-a-men!”
The vocalist was practicing in the church with all the windows open. As she stepped outside what a whiff of fresh air, she noticed the gardener trimming the shrubs. “How did you like my execution?” she asked. The gardener without turning to look at her said, “I’m in favor of it.” 
Looking down at his patient, the doctor decided to tell him the truth. “I fell that I must tell you:  You are a very sick man.  I’m sure you would want to know the facts.  I don’t think you have much time left.  Now, is there anyone you would like to see?” Bending down toward the sick man, the doctor heard him softly answer, “Yes.” “Who is it?” In a little stronger tone, the patient said, “Another doctor.” 
A traveling salesman was held up in the west by a rainstorm and flood.  He e-mails his office in NY:  “Delayed by storm. Send instructions” His boss e-mails back:  “Start vacation immediately” 
Pilot:  Control tower, what time is it? Control tower:  What airline is this? Pilot:  What difference does that make? Control tower:  Well if it is UA, it is 6:00p.m.; if it is TWA, it is 1800 hours; if it is Ozark, the big hand is on the…..” 
A traveling salesman was held up in the west by a rainstorm and flood.  He e-mails his office in NY:  “Delayed by storm. Send instructions” His boss e-mails back:  “Start vacation immediately” 
Two barbershops were in red-hot competition.  One put up a sign advertising haircuts for $7 dollars.  His competitor put one up that read, “We repair $7 dollars hair cuts!”
Pilot:  Control tower, what time is it? Control tower:  What airline is this? Pilot:  What difference does that make? Control tower:  Well if it is UA, it is 6:00p.m.; if it is TWA, it is 1800 hours; if it is Ozark, the big hand is on the…..” 
A man traveling through the country stopped at a small roadside fruit stand and bought some apples.  When he mentioned they were awfully small, the farmer replied, “Yup” The man took a bite of one of the apples and exclaimed, “Not very flavorful, either.” “That’s right,” said the farmer.  “Lucky they’re small, ain’t it?” 
Grandma Goldberg, a woman of 85, was slowly ambling down the street when she met her physician Dr. Cohen. Dr. Cohen, a dapper graying man in his early 60's asked the elderly lady-- "Mrs. Goldberg how are you feeling?"  For a long moment the woman gave the good doctor a terrible stare and then she said -- "You ask me how I'm feeling! I'll tell you how I'm feeling!! My legs hurt, my chest is sore, my heart is beating too fast and I can't sleep!!! I have horrible headaches and stomach pains too!"  The good doctor looked at the elderly lady with compassion, "If you're feeling so awful, why don't you come and see me right away?"  Grandma Goldberg let out a sigh and said, "I was just waiting until I felt a little better."  
The new army recruit was serving his first guard duty.  He did his best for a while but about 5 a.m. she went to sleep.  When he opened his eyes he found the day officer standing before him.  Remembering the stiff penalty for being asleep on guard duty, this clever young man kept his head bowed for another moment, then looked upward and reverently said, “A-a-a-men!”
For weeks a five-year-old child kept telling his kindergarten teacher about the baby sister or brother that was expected at his house.  One day the mother allowed the child to feel the movements of the unborn baby. The five-year-old was obviously impressed, but made no comment.  Moreover, he stopped telling the teacher about the awaiting event.  Finally the teacher sat the child on her lap and said, “Lucas, whatever has become of that baby brother or sister you were expecting at home? “Lucas burst into tears and confessed,  “I think Mommy ate it!” 
A man traveling through the country stopped at a small roadside fruit stand and bought some apples.  When he mentioned they were awfully small, the farmer replied, “Yup” The man took a bite of one of the apples and exclaimed, “Not very flavorful, either.” “That’s right,” said the farmer.  “Lucky they’re small, ain’t it?” 
Looking down at his patient, the doctor decided to tell him the truth. “I fell that I must tell you:  You are a very sick man.  I’m sure you would want to know the facts.  I don’t think you have much time left.  Now, is there anyone you would like to see?” Bending down toward the sick man, the doctor heard him softly answer, “Yes.” “Who is it?” In a little stronger tone, the patient said, “Another doctor.” 
A doctor calls his patient and says, "The check you gave me for my bill came back?"  The patient replied, "Well, so did my arthritis."
The vocalist was practicing in the church with all the windows open. As she stepped outside what a whiff of fresh air, she noticed the gardener trimming the shrubs. “How did you like my execution?” she asked. The gardener without turning to look at her said, “I’m in favor of it.” 
“What do you think of Red China?” One woman asked another during a party on world affairs. “Oh, I don’t know,” said the other woman. “I guess it would be all right if you use it on a white tablecloth.” 
Stranger:  Catch any fish? Fisherman:  Did I! I took 25 out of this stream this morning. Stranger:  Do you know who I am?  I’m the game warden. Fisherman:  Do you know who I am?  I’m the biggest liar in the country. 
 An old man is afraid that his wife is loosing her hearing. So, he walks up right to her ear and asks, "Can you hear me?" She didn't answer. He walked up closer and asked again. But there was no answer. Finally he asked her one more time really loud and his wife said, "for the third time yes!!!"
Gallagher opened the morning newspaper and was dumbfounded to read in the obituary column that he had died.   He quickly phoned his best friend, Finney.  "Did you see the paper?" asked Gallagher.  "They say I died!!" "Yes, I saw it!" replied Finney.  "Where are you calling from?" 
 US Ship: - (at night)"Move out of my way" Canadian ship: -"No. We cant" US ship: - "Ours is an important big ship with attacking equipments" Canadian ship: -"We are a light house on a small island. We cannot move" 
Q: What do you get when you rewind a country song?  A: You get your house back, your truck back, your wife back and your dog back! 
A Panhandler who was working Wall Street one day approached a dignified businessman and asked him for some money.  The man replied, “I’m very sorry, but I never give money to people in the street.” The panhandler replied, “What should I do?  Come up to your office? 
A Panhandler who was working Wall Street one day approached a dignified businessman and asked him for some money.  The man replied, “I’m very sorry, but I never give money to people in the street.” The panhandler replied, “What should I do?  Come up to your office? 
There was an ant hill were the ants would work hard everyday making little houses for them, and every week an elephant would pass by and step on the little hill. The ants got tired of this happening so they decided to have a meeting about it. In the meeting the main ant said, "Fellow ants as you all know we are here to do something about this elephant," one of the ants raised his hand and yelled, "I have a plan, I have a plan". "Go ahead, what’s your plan,” said the leader. "Ok, this is what we'll do, next week when the elephant passes by before he steps on our hill we all jump on him and beat him up, that should teach him a lesson".   The following week they waited for the elephant, "He's coming, he's coming!" said a little ant. "Ok this is it,” said the main ant "JUMP ON HIM!" So all the little ants jumped on the huge elephant.   When the elephant felt all the ants and he shook them all off, all of them except for one. All the ants that were on the ground saw the ant that remains right on the elephant’s neck, so from the ground the other ants yelled out "CHOKE HIM! CHOKE HIM!" 
One Sunday morning, the pastor noticed little Johnny was standing and  staring up at the large plaque that hung in the foyer of the church.  The young man of seven had been staring at the plaque for some time, so the  pastor walked up and stood beside him. Gazing up at the plaque, too, he  said quietly, "Good morning son."  "Good morning pastor" replied the young man, not taking his eyes off  the plaque. "Sir, what is this?" Johnny asked.  "Well son, these are all the people who have died in the service," replied the pastor. Soberly, they stood together staring up at the large plaque.  Little Johnny's voice barely broke the silence when he asked quietly,  "Which one sir, the 8:30 or the 10:30 service?" 
One psychologist greets another on the street: "You're fine, how am I?"
A skydiver is enjoying his free-fall, when he realizes that he has reached the altitude where he must open his parachute. He pulls the ripcord, but nothing happens.  “No problem,” he says to himself,  “I still have my emergency chute.”    So he pulls the ripcord on his emergency parachute, and once again, nothing happens.  Now the man begins to panic.  “What am I going to do?”  He thinks. “I’m a goner.”   Just then, he sees a man flying up from the earth toward him.  He can’t figure out where this man is coming from or what he’s doing, but he says to himself, “I hope he can help me.  If he can’t, then I’m in real trouble.”    When the man gets close enough to him, the skydiver cups his hands and shouts, “Hey, do you know anything about parachutes?”  The man coming up cups his hands and yells back, “No! Do you know anything about gas stoves?”
     Why did the woman only change her baby’s diaper once a month?      On the package it read "good for up to 15 pounds" 
There was an ant hill were the ants would work hard everyday making little houses for them, and every week an elephant would pass by and step on the little hill. The ants got tired of this happening so they decided to have a meeting about it. In the meeting the main ant said, "Fellow ants as you all know we are here to do something about this elephant," one of the ants raised his hand and yelled, "I have a plan, I have a plan". "Go ahead, what’s your plan,” said the leader. "Ok, this is what we'll do, next week when the elephant passes by before he steps on our hill we all jump on him and beat him up, that should teach him a lesson".   The following week they waited for the elephant, "He's coming, he's coming!" said a little ant. "Ok this is it,” said the main ant "JUMP ON HIM!" So all the little ants jumped on the huge elephant.   When the elephant felt all the ants and he shook them all off, all of them except for one. All the ants that were on the ground saw the ant that remains right on the elephant’s neck, so from the ground the other ants yelled out "CHOKE HIM! CHOKE HIM!" 
A man appeared before St. Peter at the pearly gates. "Have you ever done anything of particular merit?" St. Peter asked.    Well, I can think of one thing," the man offered. " On a trip to the Black Hills out in South Dakota, I came upon a gang of high-testosterone bikers, who were threatening a young woman. I directed them to leave her alone, but they wouldn't listen. "So, I approached the largest and most heavily tattooed biker and smacked him on the head, kicked his bike over, ripped out his nose ring, and threw it on the ground." I yelled, "Now, back off!! Or you'll answer to me!"   St. Peter was impressed: "When did this happen?"   "Just a couple of minutes ago"  
Why did 18 Antartians go to the Movie? Simple, under 18 were not allowed to watch the movie.
Two cowboys are riding their horses together on the prairie.  They come upon a big pile of manure.  The first cowboy goes to the second, "I will bet you a $1000 that I can eat all of this crap."  The second cowboy agrees, so the first cowboy eats the entire pile and wins $1000.  The two cowboys ride on and after some time come across another pile of manure.  This time the second cowboy bets the first that he too can eat the whole pile for $1000.  The first cowboy agrees and the second cowboy eats the entire pile and wins the bet.  They ride on again.  After a while the first cowboy says to the second, "Do you realize that we just ate a whole pile of manure for nothing?" 
Jeb and Jethro live in the hills, about 5 miles outside of town.  Jeb asks Jethro to go in to town to pick up some lumber.  Jethro walks the 5 miles to town to the local lumberyard.    "Jeb says we're gonna need some 4 x 2's," Jethro tells the yardman.  "Do you mean 2 x 4's?" asks the yardman.  "Well, I don't rightly know, I better go ask Jeb," says Jethro. He walks the 10 miles to the hills and then back to town. "Jeb says we're gonna need 2 x 4's,"  "Now, how long will you need them?" asks the yardman.  "Well, I don't rightly know, I better go ask Jeb" says Jethro and yet again walks the 10 miles to the hills and back to town. Upon returning Jethro says to the yardman, "Jeb says you better give 'em to us for a while . . . we're gonna build a barn."
An entrepreneurial woman is sitting at a bar a man approaches her and says; hi honey!  want a little company? Why? Asks the woman. Do you have one to sell??
As Computer Tech I sometimes help clients over the phone. Here is a recent phone dialogue I had with one of my customers.  Tech: Workshops can I help. Customer: My dog is not barking, how can I make it bark. Tech: I am sorry mam but this is not SPCA Customer: I know that but how can I make the dog on my computer bark. Tech: Do you mean a dog in a computer game or something? Customer: I mean a small dog that comes on when I type in Microsoft Word. Tech: Are your speakers on? Customer: No Tech: Turn on your speakers and you will hear your dog barking when it barks Customer: Ooooh why didn’t I figure that, thanks so much 
A farmer and his wife had just waken up one morning to the crowing of their rooster.  While still in bed, the farmer's wife says, "Pa, you know our neighbor Mr. Jones?" "Yes Ma, I reckon I do," replied the sleepy farmer. "Well, every morning before he leaves the house for work, he gives his wife a big ol' kiss.  Why don't you ever do that?" The farmer sighed and said, "Well, I reckon I can, but I just don't know her very well." 
Q: What did one strawberry say to another strawberry? A: If you weren't so fresh, we wouldn't be in this jam!! 
Q: What did one strawberry say to another strawberry? A: If you weren't so fresh, we wouldn't be in this jam!! 
A bicycle can’t stand on its own because it’s two tired.
A very well dressed and dignified lawyer called a plumber to fix his flooded bathroom. When the plumber arrived, he was carrying an extra set of overalls and took off his cap with the words “Blue Collar Man” on the brim. The dapper, impeccably groomed and expensively dressed lawyer smirked in a condescending way and said: "Interesting cap! And do you usually need a change of OVERALLS?"  The plumber just smiled. When he was done the plumber gave him the bill, and told him he had to get some more equipment from his truck. He explained that he needed a new assistant because of all the work and was short-handed. He asked the lawyer if he knew of any friends who might want the job.  The lawyer raised his eyebrows and pointed at his suit, his shoes and his office: "Now, do I LOOK like someone who would have a plumber for a friend?"  "You're right. A high class white-collar guy like you would never know plumbers." said the plumber apologetically.  "Exactly! After all, I have high standards!" sneered the upper-crust lawyer, as he checked his shoes to make sure the shine was still perfect and carefully tightened the knot of his tie.  When the plumber returned, he entered the lawyer's office and there in the garbage can were the lawyer's brand new mirror-polished $700 Brooks Brothers capote business shoes, with the black silk socks rolled up and tucked neatly inside.  On the floor was the hand-tailored $2,000 Armani pinstriped business suit the lawyer had been wearing, with attached paisley suspenders, as well as the natty Hermes silk tie and the matching pocket square, monogrammed gold cufflinks, starched white shirt, silver tiepin and Rolex. His law degree and briefcase were also piled up next to them.  The plumber went in and the first there was the lawyer in overalls, lying under the sink with his bare feet sticking out. The plumber tapped on the soles of the lawyer's feet. The lawyer looked out, with the “Blue Collar Man” cap on top of his hundred-dollar haircut and sweat streaming down his face. He pointed at the bill and said, "You found your assistant".    
A bicycle can’t stand on its own because it’s two tired.
A very well dressed and dignified lawyer called a plumber to fix his flooded bathroom. When the plumber arrived, he was carrying an extra set of overalls and took off his cap with the words “Blue Collar Man” on the brim. The dapper, impeccably groomed and expensively dressed lawyer smirked in a condescending way and said: "Interesting cap! And do you usually need a change of OVERALLS?"  The plumber just smiled. When he was done the plumber gave him the bill, and told him he had to get some more equipment from his truck. He explained that he needed a new assistant because of all the work and was short-handed. He asked the lawyer if he knew of any friends who might want the job.  The lawyer raised his eyebrows and pointed at his suit, his shoes and his office: "Now, do I LOOK like someone who would have a plumber for a friend?"  "You're right. A high class white-collar guy like you would never know plumbers." said the plumber apologetically.  "Exactly! After all, I have high standards!" sneered the upper-crust lawyer, as he checked his shoes to make sure the shine was still perfect and carefully tightened the knot of his tie.  When the plumber returned, he entered the lawyer's office and there in the garbage can were the lawyer's brand new mirror-polished $700 Brooks Brothers capote business shoes, with the black silk socks rolled up and tucked neatly inside.  On the floor was the hand-tailored $2,000 Armani pinstriped business suit the lawyer had been wearing, with attached paisley suspenders, as well as the natty Hermes silk tie and the matching pocket square, monogrammed gold cufflinks, starched white shirt, silver tiepin and Rolex. His law degree and briefcase were also piled up next to them.  The plumber went in and the first there was the lawyer in overalls, lying under the sink with his bare feet sticking out. The plumber tapped on the soles of the lawyer's feet. The lawyer looked out, with the “Blue Collar Man” cap on top of his hundred-dollar haircut and sweat streaming down his face. He pointed at the bill and said, "You found your assistant".    
A monastery decided to start a fish and chips store. When the store opened, a client comes in, and asks one of the clerics: are you the fish fryer? Oh, no, the cleric answers, I'm the chip monk!
When Albert Einstein was making the rounds of the speaker's circuit, he usually found himself eagerly longing to get back to his laboratory work. One night as they were driving to yet another rubber-chicken dinner, Einstein mentioned to his chauffeur (a man who somewhat resembled Einstein in looks & manner) that he was tired of speechmaking.   "I have an idea, boss," his chauffeur said. "I've heard you give this speech so many times. I'll bet I could give it for you." Einstein laughed loudly and said, "Why not? Let's do it!" When they arrive at the dinner, Einstein donned the chauffeur's cap and jacket and sat in the back of the room. The chauffeur gave a beautiful rendition of Einstein's speech and even answered a few questions expertly.   Then a supremely pompous professor asked an extremely esoteric question about anti-matter formation, digressing here and there to let everyone in the audience know that he was nobody's fool. Without missing a beat, the chauffeur fixed the professor with a steely stare and said, "Sir, the answer to that question is so simple that I will let my chauffeur, who is sitting in the back, answer it for me." 
A frog telephones a psychic hotline and is told, "You are going to meet a beautiful young girl who will want to know everything about you."   "Great," says the frog, "Will I meet her at a party?"   "No," said the psychic, "Next year - in biology class."   
At a small pub near to a GP's practice, Dr. Hall who ran the practice used to call into the pub after he'd shut the practice for the night and have an Almond sprinkled Jackory. One particular night, Bill the barman calls the landlord, "Mr. West, we're out of almond, and Dr. Hall's after his almond jackory, anything taste like almond what we could use instead?" Use hickory, the landlord said Bill heads back to the bar, and speaks to Dr. Hill, We're out of almonds, but instead I could give you a "hickory jackory doc." 
Things learned from TV:  All crimes are solved in 1 hour.   The Good guy always wins.  When you’re trapped, you always find a way out.  A trip from Los Angeles to China takes 5 seconds.  All women still have makeup on when they wake up in the morning.  When you’re a hero, you will never get burnt in a fire. 
 Billy walks into class late. His teacher says, “Billy, do not walk into class late again." The next day Billy crawls into class late once again. His teacher says, “Billy, I thought I told you not to come into class late." Billy responds, "No, you told me I couldn't walk in class late.
A man calls technical support for his computer. (M = Man) (T = Technical support) M: Ok, the screen is blue and it says windows has been shut down because an error has been detected. T: All right, press ctrl alt delete. M: Now what? T: Does it say press any key to continue? M: Yeah, why? T: Well, lets see, hmm.....PRESS IT!!!! M: Wait let me find it first. T:  Just Press Any Key!!! M: I'M TRYING TO FIND IT...! T: When it says any key it means to press ANY key... M: Oh wait. I found it he he... T: What does it say now? M:  Sorry  the 'Any' key you have pressed does not exist, please click any key. T: Well, what are you waiting for? M: I'm still looking for it. T: I though you found it? M: Yeah I did but the 'any' it was spelt 'enee' now its spelt 'any' T: ..." 
A monastery decided to start a fish and chips store. When the store opened, a client comes in, and asks one of the clerics: are you the fish fryer? Oh, no, the cleric answers, I'm the chip monk!
  This is a true story.  On a crowded Saturday morning I was walking toward a large grocery store. I saw two men fighting over the last grocery cart. Each one was holding on to it, jerking it away from the other. You’ve heard of road rage and now cart rage! What is the world coming to? I got closer to the store; I still could not hear what the men were saying to each other. Must have been mean. I wondered what I should do. Talk to the store manager? What should I say to these men? Cart rage! Impatience! I got closer yet to the store. This fight looks serious. Can’t they wait for a customer to leave? The cart rage goes on! Neither one yielding to the other. I’m finally close enough to hear the two men. Oh! No! One last jerk and the two men broke the cart in half. Now what? Then I hear one man say to the other: “Thanks for helping me separate these two carts.”  
Only in America Only in America... can a pizza get to your house faster than an ambulance.  Only in America... are there handicap parking places in front of a skating rink.  Only in America... do drugstores make the sick walk all the way to the back of the store to get their prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front.  Only in America... do people order double cheese burgers, large fries, and a diet Coke.  Only in America... do banks leave both doors to the vault open and then chain the pens to the counters.  Only in America... do they leave cars worth thousands of dollars in the driveway and put our useless junk in the garage.  Only in America... do they use answering machines to screen calls and then have call waiting so they won't miss a call from someone they didn't want to talk to in the first place.  Only in America... do they buy hot dogs in packages of ten and buns in packages of eight.  Only in America... do they use the word "politics" to describe the process so well; "Poli" in Latin meaning "many" and "tics" meaning "bloodsucking creatures".  Only in America... do they have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering 
 Some race horses staying in a stable. One of them starts to boast about his track record. "In the last 15 races, I've won 8 of them!" Another horse breaks in, "Well in the last 27 races, I've won 19!!" "Oh that's good, but in the last 36 races, I've won 28!” says another, flicking his tail. At this point, they notice that a greyhound dog has been sitting there listening. "I don't mean to boast," Says the greyhound, "but in my last 90 races, I've won 88 of them!" The horses are clearly amazed. "Wow!" says one, after a hushed silence. "A talking dog." 
A kid centipede comes running to his house, and knocks on the door and says, "Dad open up, a chicken is chasing me!!!" The dad centipede says, “Hold up, let me put my shoes on first!" 
 A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
There once was a blonde who had always heard about ice fishing, so one day she tried it. She went to an icy area, cut a hole, and started fishing. All of a sudden, she hears a voice. “THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE!" She ignores it and moves to another area, cutting a hole, and beginning to fish again. Again she hears the booming voice. "THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE!!" She is starting to get freaked out now. "Lord? Is that you?" she asks. In reply she hears, "NO, THIS IS THE RINK MANAGER!"
Boss: You should have been here at 9.30 a.m. Employee: Why what happened? 
A little boy came home with his parents from church one Sunday.  He seemed a little depressed, so his mother asked him if something happened in Sunday school class that he would like to talk about.  He told his mother "Well, we were singing songs and the teacher made us sing about a poor bear named Gladly that needed glasses and I can't stop thinking about him.  She said he was cross-eyed and I feel bad for him. The mother couldn't understand why the teacher would teach such a song in Sunday school, so she decided to call her. To the woman’s amazement, the teacher said she only taught hymns that morning. Then the teacher began laughing out loud and said to the mother, “I know what Jeffrey’s' talking about!  We learned the hymn 'Gladly The Cross I'd Bear'". 
A little boy returned from the grocery store with his mom. While his mom put away the groceries, the little boy opened his box of animal crackers and spread them all over the kitchen table. "What are you doing?" asked his mom. "The box says you shouldn't eat them if the seal is broken," said the little boy. "I'm looking for the seal."
Two guys are hiking in the forest when they suddenly come across a big Grizzly bear! The one guy takes off his hiking boots and puts on some running shoes! His friend says to him "You're crazy! There's no use, do you know how fast Grizzlies are, you'll never be able to out run it!" and the guy says, "I only have to out run you!" 
A wealthy and very well dressed financial consultant arrived at his office to fill out his report for the company he was working for.   The dapper, extremely confident and very dignified gentleman left his Porsche with the parking attendant and entered wearing the building wearing his designer business suit. His shoes clicked along the polished floor as he headed for the elevator.   He picked up the paperwork, and strutted into his well-furnished office, put down his fifteen hundred dollar briefcase and sat down at his desk. He stared at the questions for five minutes, and shook his head in disbelief. He looked again, and his shoulders dropped.   "I know I have no choice, but this is an OUTRAGE!" he said out loud.  Then with a sigh of embarrassment, he reached down, untied and pulled his feet out of his highly polished $800 Brooks Brothers cap toe dress shoes and then peeled off his black silk business socks as well.   The now barefoot consultant then stuffed the socks in the shiny, expensive shoes and dropped them in the garbage can.   A few minutes later, he shook his head again with frustration, slowly untied his $150 Hermes silk necktie, plucked the matching pocket square out of his suit pocket, unfastened his monogrammed gold cufflinks, and slid his Rolex off his wrist. He threw them in to the garbage as well. His silver tiepin and his paisley braces followed.   A moment later, the consultant dropped his head into his hands and groaned. No longer confident and dignified, he looked around furtively.   Then he angrily shrugged and stood up. He then stripped off his $2,000 navy blue pinstriped Armani business suit and his starched white shirt, and folded them before stuffing them in the garbage as well.   The consultant finally sat down in his underwear and finished his work.   A colleague came in, looked around, saw the stripped consultant and his expensive clothes piled in the garbage and was stunned. “Why did you do this?” he asked in bewilderment.   The formerly well-dressed and impeccably groomed consultant angrily and wearily picked up the paperwork.   “Why didn’t you warn me about this? It says right here: Instructions MUST be followed exactly! ALL questions MUST be answered in brief!” 
Two molecules are walking down the street. One bumps into the other and says, "Oh, my fault, you okay?”    The Second Molecule says, "No, I'm not okay. I've lost an electron!"  So the first molecule says, "Are you sure?"  The second molecule replies, "I'm positive!" 
An Accident Report  I am writing in response to your request for “additional information.”  In block number 30 of the accident report form, I put “poor planning” as the cause for my accident. You said in your last letter that I should explain more fully. I trust that the following detail will be sufficient.  I am an amateur radio operator. On the day of the accident, I was working alone on the top section of my new 80-foot antenna tower. When I completed my work, I discovered that I had, over the course of several trips up the tower, brought about 300 lbs. of tools and spare hardware. Rather than carry the now unneeded tools and materials down by hand, I decided to lower the items in a small barrel by using a pulley, which fortunately was attached to the pole at the tip of the tower. Securing the rope at ground level, I went up to the top of the tower and loaded the tools and materials into the barrel. Then I went back to the ground and untied the rope, holding it tightly to insure a slow descent of the 300 lbs. of tools.   You will note in block number 11 of the accident report form that I weigh 155 lbs. Due to my surprise at being jerked off the ground so suddenly, I lost my presence of mind and forgot to let go of the rope. Needless to say, I proceeded at a rapid rate up the side of the tower. In the vicinity of the 40-foot level, I met the barrel coming down. This explains my fractured skull and broken clavicle.  Slowed only slightly, I continued my rapid ascent, not stopping until the fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley. Fortunately by this time I had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly on the rope in spite of the pain. At about the same time however, the barrel hit the ground. The bottom fell out of the barrel. Devoid of the weight of the tools, the barrel now weighed 20 pounds.  I refer you again to my weight in block number 11. As you might guess, I began a rapid descent down the side of the tower. In the vicinity of the 40-foot level, I met the barrel coming up. This accounts for the two fractured ankles and the lacerations or my legs and lower body.  The encounter with the barrel slowed me enough to lessen my injuries when I fell into the pile of tools, and fortunately only three vertebras were cracked. I am sorry to report, however, that as I lay there on the tools in pain, unable to stand, and watching the empty barrel 80 feet above me, I again lost my presence of mind.  I let go of the rope… 
A little boy returned from the grocery store with his mom. While his mom put away the groceries, the little boy opened his box of animal crackers and spread them all over the kitchen table.  "What are you doing?" asked his mom.  "The box says you shouldn't eat them if the seal is broken," said the little boy. "I'm looking for the seal."
Two guys are hiking in the forest when they suddenly come across a big Grizzly bear! The one guy takes off his hiking boots and puts on some running shoes! His friend says to him "You're crazy! There's no use, do you know how fast Grizzlies are, you'll never be able to out run it!" and the guy says, "I only have to out run you!" 
A wealthy and very well dressed financial consultant arrived at his office to fill out his report for the company he was working for.   The dapper, extremely confident and very dignified gentleman left his Porsche with the parking attendant and entered wearing the building wearing his designer business suit. His shoes clicked along the polished floor as he headed for the elevator.   He picked up the paperwork, and strutted into his well-furnished office, put down his fifteen hundred dollar briefcase and sat down at his desk. He stared at the questions for five minutes, and shook his head in disbelief. He looked again, and his shoulders dropped.   "I know I have no choice, but this is an OUTRAGE!" he said out loud.  Then with a sigh of embarrassment, he reached down, untied and pulled his feet out of his highly polished $800 Brooks Brothers cap toe dress shoes and then peeled off his black silk business socks as well.   The now barefoot consultant then stuffed the socks in the shiny, expensive shoes and dropped them in the garbage can.   A few minutes later, he shook his head again with frustration, slowly untied his $150 Hermes silk necktie, plucked the matching pocket square out of his suit pocket, unfastened his monogrammed gold cufflinks, and slid his Rolex off his wrist. He threw them in to the garbage as well. His silver tiepin and his paisley braces followed.   A moment later, the consultant dropped his head into his hands and groaned. No longer confident and dignified, he looked around furtively.   Then he angrily shrugged and stood up. He then stripped off his $2,000 navy blue pinstriped Armani business suit and his starched white shirt, and folded them before stuffing them in the garbage as well.   The consultant finally sat down in his underwear and finished his work.   A colleague came in, looked around, saw the stripped consultant and his expensive clothes piled in the garbage and was stunned. “Why did you do this?” he asked in bewilderment.   The formerly well-dressed and impeccably groomed consultant angrily and wearily picked up the paperwork.   “Why didn’t you warn me about this? It says right here: Instructions MUST be followed exactly! ALL questions MUST be answered in brief!” 
"Doctor, doctor I feel like a bridge" "What’s come over you”? "Two cars a truck and a coach" 
''I’m getting a divorce,'' said Jack to his mate, Bill. ‘The wife hasn’t spoken with me for six months.''  Bill thought for a moment and then replied,’ Just make sure you know what you’re doing, Jack. Wives like that are hard to find'' 
Two men were talking about golf.  One of them said, "I shoot in the 70's."  The other replied, "That's great!"  The first one said, "Yeah, if it gets any cooler than that, I go to the clubhouse."
I pride myself on being patient when teaching driver education, something I have done for 30 years.  I have encountered many, many students, who didn't seem to be able to hit the floor with their hat.  But one incident was just too much.  I had a sweet young thing behind the wheel for the first lesson of the semester.  She had volunteered to go first and seemed ready to show the other two kids how well she could drive.  We left the rural school and started toward town.  As we approached the first stop sign, the young lady gave no sign that she saw it.  We got closer, but she still did not slow down.  Finally, I used the "teacher's brake" pedal, on my side of the car, to get us stopped.  When I asked her why she didn't slow down to stop for the stop sign, she replied, "but, Mr. Smith, the speed limit is 35 ALL the way to the stop sign!"
A young minister and an elderly parishoner were playing golf.  The minister's game was off and the old man was beating him badly.  At the end of the game, the old man tried to console his minister by saying, "don't worry, Reverend.  One of these days you'll be burying me."  "Yes," said the minister, "but even then, it will be your hole!"
A police officer was investigating an accident on a two-lane, narrow road in which the drivers had hit virtually head-on.  One driver, an extremely elderly woman, kept repeating, "He wouldn't let me have my half of the road!"  After gathering as much information as possible, he angrily approached the other driver, who was examining his own damage.  The police officer asked, "That old lady says that you wouldn't let her have her half of the road.  Why not?  In exasperation, the man turns from his smashed car and says, "Officer, I would have been HAPPY to give her half of the road --- if she had just let me know WHICH half she wanted!!!!" 
''I’m getting a divorce,'' said Jack to his mate, Bill. ‘The wife hasn’t spoken with me for six months.''  Bill thought for a moment and then replied,’ Just make sure you know what you’re doing, Jack. Wives like that are hard to find'' 
"Doctor, doctor I feel like a bridge" "What’s come over you”? "Two cars a truck and a coach" 
Two men were talking about golf.  One of them said, "I shoot in the 70's."  The other replied, "That's great!"  The first one said, "Yeah, if it gets any cooler than that, I go to the clubhouse."
After trying a new shampoo for the first time, Morris mailed off an enthusiastic letter of approval to the manufacturer.   Several weeks later he came home from work to a large carton in the middle of the floor. Inside were free samples of the many products the same company produced: soaps, detergents, tooth paste, and paper items... with a "thank you" note from the manufacturer.  "Well, What do you think?" asked his smiling wife, Ruth.   "I think that next time," Morris replied. "I'm writing to General Motors."
In 1940 two men were flying from New York to Los Angeles on what was then a new DC-3.  The left New York and when they landed in Philadelphia, a red truck drove up to put fuel into the wing.  A little while later, they landed in Pittsburgh and, again, a red truck pulled up to fill the tanks with fuel.  Each time they landed to discharge or take on passengers, a red truck would pull up and add fuel to the tanks.  Finally, after landing in Kansas City and seeing truck pull up again, one said to the other, "we sure are making good time."  Said the other, "yes, we are, and so is that red truck!"
Explanation of Microsoft computer messages  It says: "Press Any Key" It means: "Press any key you like but I'm not moving."  It says: "Press A Key" (This one's a programmers joke. Nothing happens unless you press the "A" key.)  It says: "Fatal Error. Please contact technical support quoting error no. 1A4-2546512430E" It means: "... where you will be kept on hold for 10 minutes, only to be told that it's a hardware problem."  It says: "Installing program to C:\...." It means: "... And I'll also be writing a few files into c:\windows and c:\windows\system where you'll NEVER find them."  It says: "Please insert disk 11" It means: "Because I know darn well there are only 10 disks."  It says: "Not enough memory" It means: "I don't CARE if you've got 64MB of RAM, I want to use the bit below 640K."  It says: "Cannot read from drive D:...." It means: "... However, if you put the CD in correct side up..."  It says: "Please Wait...." It means: "... Indefinitely."  It says: "Directory does not exist...." It means: ".... any more. Whoops."  It says: "The application caused an error. Choose Ignore or Close."  It means: ".... Makes no difference to me, you're still not getting your work back." 
Q: What do you call a man who just lost his brain? A: Divorced.
A man to his friend: My Wife is an Angel!!! Friend: Oh man, mine is still ALIVE!!!! 
A tour bus driver drives with a bus full of seniors down a highway, when a little old lady taps him on his shoulder.  She offers him a handful of almonds, which he gratefully munches up.  After approx.15 minutes, she taps him on his shoulder again and she hands him another handful of almonds.  She repeats this gesture about eight times.  At the ninth time he asks the little old lady why they don't eat the almonds themselves, whereupon she replies that it is not possible because of their old teeth, they are not able to chew them.  "Why do you buy them then?" he asks puzzled.  Whereupon the old lady Answers, "We just love the chocolate around them."   
A man committed murder. To fight his case he was advised to hire a good lawyer. He checked one who asked for $100.  He thought this one is not good enough. The next one wanted $500. The next $5000. He found a real expensive one who wanted $10,0000.So the accused hired him. Ultimately he lost the case and was sentenced to death. As he was being taken to the death chamber, the first lawyer met him on the way and said " I would have got you this result for $100 only"!
A newly wed couple had just had an argument coming home from the reception. Driving along in silence they pass a farm with all kinds of animals on it. Breaking the silence, the husband asks: "Relatives?" and without missing a beat the wife replies: "Yes, in-laws."
A newly wed couple had just had an argument coming home from the reception. Driving along in silence they pass a farm with all kinds of animals on it. Breaking the silence, the husband asks: "Relatives?" and without missing a beat the wife replies: "Yes, in-laws."
A man committed murder. To fight his case he was advised to hire a good lawyer. He checked one who asked for $100.  He thought this one is not good enough. The next one wanted $500. The next $5000. He found a real expensive one who wanted $10,0000.So the accused hired him. Ultimately he lost the case and was sentenced to death. As he was being taken to the death chamber, the first lawyer met him on the way and said " I would have got you this result for $100 only"!
A tour bus driver drives with a bus full of seniors down a highway, when a little old lady taps him on his shoulder.  She offers him a handful of almonds, which he gratefully munches up.  After approx.15 minutes, she taps him on his shoulder again and she hands him another handful of almonds.  She repeats this gesture about eight times.  At the ninth time he asks the little old lady why they don't eat the almonds themselves, whereupon she replies that it is not possible because of their old teeth, they are not able to chew them.  "Why do you buy them then?" he asks puzzled.  Whereupon the old lady Answers, "We just love the chocolate around them."   
Q: Why was the math book sad A: Because it had too many problems 
Q. What word does heavenly angels use most often to greet each other? A. Halo!
A doctor told his patient after reviewing his x-rays he needed surgery costing $5000.00. The patient said he only had $500.00 and what could be done. The doctor said, "Well, I can always touch-up your x-rays." 
Q: How do you know that a man is about to say something smart? A: It will always start with "she said..." 
One day a rich famous man went to buy a sport car from a dealership. The price of the car was $80000 and the man had only $79998 to pay. The sales associate insisted that the price is firm and it has to be $80000. The man came out of the store and looked around and saw a poor man begging for help. He went toward him and introduced himself and asked if he is kind enough to lend him $2. The poor man asked the reason. He replied that he is willing to buy a car. The poor man though for a moment and gave the man $4 and said: Please buy one for me too. 
Q: How do you know that a man is about to say something smart? A: It will always start with "she said..." 
Q: Why was the math book sad A: Because it had too many problems 
One day a rich famous man went to buy a sport car from a dealership. The price of the car was $80000 and the man had only $79998 to pay. The sales associate insisted that the price is firm and it has to be $80000. The man came out of the store and looked around and saw a poor man begging for help. He went toward him and introduced himself and asked if he is kind enough to lend him $2. The poor man asked the reason. He replied that he is willing to buy a car. The poor man though for a moment and gave the man $4 and said: Please buy one for me too. 
Chukchuk is in a Quiz Contest trying to win Prize money of Rs.1 Million US$  The questions are as follows:  1) How long was the 100 yr war?        A) 116        B) 99        C) 100        D) 150        Chukchuk says, "I will skip this"         2) In which country are the Panama hats made?        A) BRASIL        B) CHILE        C) PANAMA        D) ECUADOR        Chukchuk asks for help from the University students         3) In which month do the Russians celebrate the October Revolution?        A) JANUARY        B) SEPTEMBER        C) OCTOBER        D) NOVEMBER        Sardar asks for help from general public         4) Which of these was King George VI first name?        A) EDER        B) ALBERT        C) GEORGE        D) MANOEL        Chukchuk asks for lucky cards         5) The Canary Islands, in the Pacific Ocean, Has its name x-udd on which animal:        A) CANARY BIRD        B) KANGAROO        C) PUPPY        D) RAT!        Chukchuk gives up.        SCROLL DOWN.......        If you think you are indeed clever and laughed at Chukchuk 's replies, then please check the answers below:        1) The 100-year war lasted 116 years from1337-1453        2) The Panama hat is made in Ecuador        3) The October revolution is celebrated in November        4) King George's first name was Albert. In 1936 He changed his name.        5) Puppy. The Latin name is INSULARIA CANARI This means islands of the puppies.  Now tell me who's the dumb one...Don' Ever Laugh at a Chukchuk again. (ChukChuk community lives some where in Siberia) 
  This Antarctican family decided to color eggs for Easter. They agreed to dye them all white.  
Guy going home from the pub is stopped at a police checkpoint. A bobby comes over and tells the driver to roll down his window. When he does, the copper is almost knocked over with the smell of alcohol. So he asks: "Have you been drinking, suuur?" (as English cops are wont to say). "Yes", replies the driver. "What did you have exactly, suuuur"? "Well, about seven or eight pints of Guinness, a couple of whiskies, and then one or two night caps in the form of double brandies". The copper pulls out his breathalyzer and says, "Would you mind blowing into this, suuur"? To which the drunk dude retorts: "What for? Do you not believe me?"
The elderly gentleman was obviously enjoying the company of a beautiful young lady in a lively party, when his wife came up to him and said, in an unnecessarily loud voice, " Honey I hope you are not boring the poor child with anecdotes about your latest grandchild!"
Two men (Mr. A & Mr. B) came out from a pup drunk on one windy Saturday night, feeling some cool wind blowing, Mr. A looked up the sky to see if it was going to rain, after looking he told his friend that it wasn't going to rain because he’s spotted a star. When Mr. B raised his head up and looked, this is not a star but a moon he said. This led them to argument if the object was a star or a moon, to ascertain what that object was, they approach another man (Mr. X) already drunk from a different pup as he was on his way home. Mr. A & Mr. B approached this Mr. X in other to resolve this issue once and for all. When Mr. X looked up spending much time looking up into the sky finally he said, well as for me, I’m a stranger in this neighborhood.
A man goes to see his doctor.  The doctor asks what is wrong and the man says, "Doctor, I think I'm a moth."  To this the doctor responds, "You think you're a moth?  Well I don't think you need a doctor.  Sounds like what you need is a therapist."  "Yeah I know," replies the patient.  "I was on my way to see a therapist, but I came in here because I saw your light was on."
You need two American coins to add up to .30 cents.  One of them is not a nickel. Q: What are the coins? A: One of them is not a nickel, the other one is, a nickel and a quarter. 
Q: Why didn't Intel call the Pentium, the 586? A: Because they added 486 and 100 on the first Pentium and got 585.999983605. 
A drunk was discovered late at night crawling along the Boardwalk at Atlantic City.  A policeman approached him and asked:  "What do you think you are doing?" He answered: "Officer, I am going to climb this ladder, if it takes me all night!" 
There was a doctor, a civil engineer, and a computer scientist sitting around late one evening, and they discussed which the oldest profession was. The doctor pointed out that according to Biblical tradition, God created Eve from Adam's rib. This obviously required surgery, so therefore that was the oldest profession in the world. The engineer countered with an earlier passage in the Bible that stated that God created order from the chaos, and that was most certainly the biggest and best civil engineering example ever, and also proved that his profession was the oldest profession. The computer scientist leaned back in her chair, and with a sly smile responded, "Yes, but whom do you think created the chaos?"
A descendant of Eric The Red, named Rudolf the Red, was arguing with his wife about the weather.  His wife thought it was going to be a nice day, and he thought it was going to rain.  Finally she asked him, how he was so sure.  He smiled at her, and calmly said, "Because Rudolf the Red knows rain, dear."   (Rudolf the red-nosed raindeer?)
Little Johnny was at football practice one day and the coach said  "Who here thinks they can jump higher than the goal posts" Immediately little Johnny said, "Ooh me sir me" The coach then said, "But Johnny you are the worst in the team!" Then Johnny said, "I know, but goalposts can’t jump!" 
Little Johnny was at football practice one day and the coach said  "Who here thinks they can jump higher than the goal posts" Immediately little Johnny said, "Ooh me sir me" The coach then said, "But Johnny you are the worst in the team!" Then Johnny said, "I know, but goalposts can’t jump!" 
Subject: Computer Hard and Software: Dear Tech Support: Last year I upgraded from Girlfriend 7.0 to Wife 1.0. I soon noticed that the new program began unexpected child processing that took up a lot of space and valuable resources. In addition, Wife 1.0 installed itself into all other programs and now monitors all other system&gt;activity. Applications such as Poker Night 10.3, Football 5.0, Hunting and Fishing 7.5, and Racing 3.6 no longer run, crashing the system whenever selected.  I can't seem to keep Wife 1.0 in the background while attempting to run my favorite applications. I'm thinking about going back to Girlfriend 7.0, but the uninstall doesn't work on Wife 1.0. Please help! Thanks, A Troubled User. (KEEP READING) ______________________________________  REPLY: Dear Troubled User:  This is a very common problem that men complain about. Many people upgrade from Girlfriend 7.0 to Wife 1.0, thinking that it is just a Utilities and Entertainment program. Wife 1.0 is an OPERATING SYSTEM and is designed by its Creator to run EVERYTHING!!! It is also impossible to delete Wife 1.0 and to return to Girlfriend 7.0. It is impossible to uninstall, or purge the program files from the system once installed. You cannot go back to Girlfriend 7.0 because Wife 1.0 is designed to not allow this. Look in your Wife 1.0 manual under Warnings-Alimony-Child Support. I recommend that you keep Wife1.0 and work on improving the situation. I suggest installing the background application "Yes Dear" to alleviate software augmentation. The best course of action is to enter the command C:\APOLOGIZE because ultimately you will have to give the APOLOGIZE command before the system will return to normal anyway. Wife 1.0 is a great program, but it tends to be very high maintenance. Wife 1.0 comes with several support programs, such as Clean and Sweep 3.0, Cook It 1.5 and Do Bills 4.2. However, be very careful how you use these programs. Improper use will cause the system to launch the program Nag, Nag 9.5. Once this happens, the only way to improve the performance of Wife 1.0 is to purchase additional software. I recommend Flowers 2.1 and Diamonds 5.0! WARNING!!! DO NOT, under any circumstances, install Secretary With Short Skirt 3.3. This application is not supported by Wife 1.0 and will cause irreversible damage to the operating system.  Best of luck, Tech Support 
Two drunken men were driving home. The first started screaming: - Jim, watch out for the wall, watch out for the waaaaall!  Baaaaam!  They hit the wall. The next day in the hospital the first man asked his friend: - You good for nothing, I've been screaming for you to watch out, why didn't you? Jim answered him: - IT WAS YOU DRIVING!!!
There was a race between some lettuce, a tomato and a faucet.   How did it turn out?   Well the lettuce won by a head, the faucet was running, and the tomato tried to ketchup. 
The "car way" of telling how far the relationship is: -- Trying to impress the woman: unlocks and opens the door, waits for her to get inside, closes her door behind her -- Dating: the guy unlocks her door and then goes around to his side to get in -- Engaged: The man opens his door leans over and unlocks her door and opens it. -- Married: The man gets in to the driver's seat, unlocks the doors, and says "Aren't you getting in?" 
The professor had just related to his history class the event where an ancient runner had covered the 29 miles from the plains of Marathon to Troy to finally cry "Victory - Victory" and then fall dead from the run. Asking for comments, the class sat quietly until one student, a cross-country team member from the back of the room quietly asked - "did anybody get his time?"
I am the most athletic skeleton around, no bones about it!
The "car way" of telling how far the relationship is: -- Trying to impress the woman: unlocks and opens the door, waits for her to get inside, closes her door behind her -- Dating: the guy unlocks her door and then goes around to his side to get in -- Engaged: The man opens his door leans over and unlocks her door and opens it. -- Married: The man gets in to the driver's seat, unlocks the doors, and says "Aren't you getting in?" 
The professor had just related to his history class the event where an ancient runner had covered the 29 miles from the plains of Marathon to Troy to finally cry "Victory - Victory" and then fall dead from the run. Asking for comments, the class sat quietly until one student, a cross-country team member from the back of the room quietly asked - "did anybody get his time?"
 Q: Why did the man fall off the building?  A: He tripped. 
Q:  How many animals were on Moses ark? A:  The ark wasn't Moses’ it was Noah. 
After a long while, a graduate of Religious Studies got a job with a Charitable Organization, and was given an incentive to own a cell phone. The very day he got the phone, a robber who asked, “your handset or your life”, accosted him, he responded and said, "my life"! 
Q: How many idiots does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: 500, 1 to hold the light bulb and 499 to turn the house. 
Son: Dad You Are My Hero. Dad: Really! Son: Yes. Son: Can You Give Me An Autograph With Your Eyes Closed? Dad: Well, Yes. Son: Then Sign My Report Card With Your Eyes Closed. 
 Q: Why did the man fall off the building?  A: He tripped. 
Q:  How many animals were on Moses ark? A:  The ark wasn't Moses’ it was Noah. 
Q: How many idiots does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: 500, 1 to hold the light bulb and 499 to turn the house. 
Did you hear about the skeleton that walked into a bar and ordered a beer and a mop?
Son: Dad You Are My Hero. Dad: Really! Son: Yes. Son: Can You Give Me An Autograph With Your Eyes Closed? Dad: Well, Yes. Son: Then Sign My Report Card With Your Eyes Closed. 
Q: What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed-wire fence? A: An "utter" disaster!
Q: Why do sea gulls fly by the sea?   A: Because if they flew by the bay they would be bay gulls! 
Guy: Excuse me, is your name Gillette? Girl: No, Why? Guy: Because you're the best a man can get! 
 Q: What insect is the worst at playing football?  A: A fumble bee 
A court jester is thrown into jail for telling terrible jokes. What did he say after the guard locked him up? O-PUN the door!
An Antartian wanting to learn how to fly a plane signs up at a small airport and was told they only equipment available is a helicopter. The Antartian thinks for a moment and says,  "That’s fine, I'll just learn how to pilot a helicopter." After some ground instructions the day of the solo comes and the Antartian is at the commands of the helicopter. He goes up 1000 feet with no problem, climbs to 2000 and the instructor asks “ Is everything o.k.”  The Antartian responds; “yes everything is going well.” The instructor is very happy to have such a great student and decides to give him the last test, so he orders the Antartian to climb to 3500 feet, make a turn and land.  The instructor goes out to see the landing when suddenly he sees the helicopter falling down. Luckily after all that the student pilot was alive, and the instructor asked him, “ what happened when everything was going so well?  The pilot replied: "It was getting cold so I turned the outside fan off."
An airplane was once making a routine flight from Hackensack, New Jersey to     New York City.  The people on board where the world's smartest politician, the pilot (also a father), a Boy Scout, and a devout Christian.  In mid-flight, the engine stalled, and there where only three parachutes.  The pilot said, " I've got a family down there.  I need to live so I can take care of them" so he grabbed a parachute and jumped out.  The world's smartest politician said, I've got an election coming up, so I'd better live so I can win it."  So he grabbed a parachute and jumped out. That left the Boy Scout and the Christian in the plane and only 1 parachute.  The Christian said, "I have lived a long life.  I am prepared for.  Go and grab that parachute for yourself."  The Boy Scout got his parachute and was about to jump when he said, "Hey, there is one for you too.  The world’s smartest politician grabbed my backpack
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you we would be walking through a never-ending garden!
Q: Why did the football coach go to the bank? A: To get his quarter-back! 
 Q: What sits on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?  A: A nervous wreck!
Q: Why are anteaters so healthy?  A: Because they are high on ant-i-bodies! 
 Q: What sits on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?  A: A nervous wreck!
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you we would be walking through a never-ending garden!
An Antartian wanting to learn how to fly a plane signs up at a small airport and was told they only equipment available is a helicopter. The Antartian thinks for a moment and says,  "That’s fine, I'll just learn how to pilot a helicopter." After some ground instructions the day of the solo comes and the Antartian is at the commands of the helicopter. He goes up 1000 feet with no problem, climbs to 2000 and the instructor asks “ Is everything o.k.”  The Antartian responds; “yes everything is going well.” The instructor is very happy to have such a great student and decides to give him the last test, so he orders the Antartian to climb to 3500 feet, make a turn and land.  The instructor goes out to see the landing when suddenly he sees the helicopter falling down. Luckily after all that the student pilot was alive, and the instructor asked him, “ what happened when everything was going so well?  The pilot replied: "It was getting cold so I turned the outside fan off."
An airplane was once making a routine flight from Hackensack, New Jersey to     New York City.  The people on board where the world's smartest politician, the pilot (also a father), a Boy Scout, and a devout Christian.  In mid-flight, the engine stalled, and there where only three parachutes.  The pilot said, " I've got a family down there.  I need to live so I can take care of them" so he grabbed a parachute and jumped out.  The world's smartest politician said, I've got an election coming up, so I'd better live so I can win it."  So he grabbed a parachute and jumped out. That left the Boy Scout and the Christian in the plane and only 1 parachute.  The Christian said, "I have lived a long life.  I am prepared for.  Go and grab that parachute for yourself."  The Boy Scout got his parachute and was about to jump when he said, "Hey, there is one for you too.  The world’s smartest politician grabbed my backpack
Q: Why did the melon and the honeydew have a big wedding?   A: Because they cantaloupe! 
A Preacher was giving a sermon one Sunday morning, when he noticed old man Brown sound asleep in the last pew. He asked the Congregation:  "All those who want to go to Heaven, stand up!"  All rose except old man Brown. After the Congregation sat down, he yelled at the top of his voice, "ALL THOSE WHO WASNT TO GO TO HELL, STAND UP!!!" Old man Brown woke up, stood up, looked around and said, "I don't know what we are voting on, Reverend, but whatever it is, we sure are in the minority!!"
Q.  When is a doll not a doll? A. When it's a doll-ar! 
Q: What do you call a story told by a giraffe? A: A tall tale! 
 An elementary school teacher decides to pole the class on the difficulty of last night’s homework assignment:  Duh ... shouldn't that be: "poll" the class, unless she was making a point ... WITH A POINTED STICK!
If you had 11 roses in your arms and looked in the mirror;  You would see the twelve most gorgeous things in the world. 
Q.  What's the difference between a cat and a comma? A.  A cat has its claws at the end of its paws; a comma is a pause at the end of a clause 
Q. How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? A. None.  That's a hardware issue. 
The pastor preached about the beautiful kingdom of heaven and asked the congregation “how many of you would like to go to heaven from here?” everybody raised up their hands except a little lad sitting just in front of him “don't you want to go to heaven son?” he asked. “My mother seriously warned me not to go anywhere from here, but to come back home” replied the boy.
What part of the human body is called the "yet"?  I don't know either, but in the paper it said this lady got shot and they haven't got the bullet out of her yet!
Four animals a Snake, a Cock, a Cat and a Centipede, all heavy smokers, were playing cards together. When the cigarettes run out, the snake, the big brother, said, "Cock, go out and get some packs! You know, I have NO legs." "But why me?" said the Cock, "I have only TWO legs!" So, the task fell on Centipede with no doubt. Centipede said nothing and left the room. The left three waited and waited, but Centipede did not show up. One hour later, they couldn't wait anymore. "What's the devil Centipede doing?" Snake said impatiently, "Cat, go out and take a look!" When Cat gets to the door, he got frightened. Centipede was SITTING there!!!! So the angry Cat said, "What are you doing here?" "Can't you see? I'm putting on my shoes,” said Centipede. 
How come the pony couldn't speak? Because, he was a little horse.
How come the pony couldn't speak? Because, he was a little horse.
Child:  Mom!  Can I have a piece of your gum (Certs), please? Mom:  Sweetie. This is a breath freshener gum.  It might be too strong for you. Child:  No it won't, Mom.  See (while flexing his arm muscles), I have big muscles. 
Two Antartians are walking along the highway together when one of them suddenly turns around and starts walking back.  Antartian-2 runs back to catch up with the other and very curious asks, "Why did you turn around?" To that Antartian-1 replies, “There was a sign saying wrong way go back"
A lady walked into a boutique and asked the sales lady "May I try on that cute dress in the window?" The sales lady replied;  "Sure, but wouldn’t you be more comfortable in a dressing room?" 
An elderly man gathered together three of his most trusted friends, a doctor, a lawyer, and a priest.  He said to his friends, "Now, I know I can't take it with me when I die but I'd like to try."  He handed each of them an envelope each containing $10,000,000 in cash.   "I'd like each of you to throw the envelopes into the grave after they put me in," he said.  The three looked at each other and agreed to the elderly man's final wishes.  The elderly man soon dies and when he is lowered to his grave, friends throw in the envelope and the elderly man is buried with them.  On the way back to the cars the doctor says, "I have a confession.  I was thinking last night about the children's recovery program I'm getting off the ground and $10,000,000 would have been a great start to the program's funding.  I figured I would put the money to good use rather than have it buried 6 feet underground."   The lawyer went nuts telling him that going against the elderly man's will is a huge crime.  Then the priest also confessed, "I also thought I'd put the money to good use.  The mission’s fund the church is trying to put together has received little contribution.  $10,000,000 would be a huge boost to the fund."  The lawyer was absolutely outraged talking about how they could both end up in jail.    He said, "You should've done what I did.  The money he gave me is being kept in my safe at home.  I wrote a check for $10,000,000 and put that in the envelope and that's what is in the grave!"
Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One says, "I've lost my electron." The other says, "Are you sure?" The first replies, "Yes, I'm positive..." 
When I was in second grade, my Grandma told me that she wrote a book.  She said, “Look, I’m in print.”  I said, “That’s great Grandma, but I’m in cursive.”
 Q. Why does Santa go down the chimney on Christmas rather than through the door?   A. Because it soot’s him! 
A doctor examined a woman, took the husband aside, and said, “I don’t like the looks of your wife at all,” “Me neither doc,” said the husband. “But she’s a great cook and really good with the kids.”
There was a student who was desirous of taking admission for a study course.   He was smart enough to get through the written test, a GD and was to appear for the personal interview. Later, as the interview progressed, the interviewer found this boy to be bright since he could answer all the questions correctly. The interviewer got impatient and decided to corner the boy.   "Tell me your choice;" said he to the boy, "What's your choice: I shall either ask you ten easy questions or ONE real difficult. Think well before you make up your mind."   The boy thought for a while and said, "My choice is ONE real difficult question."   "Well, good luck to you, you have made your own choice!" said the man on the opposite side. Tell me: What comes first, Day or Night?"   The boy was jolted first but he waited for a while and said: "It's the DAY, sir."   "How???????" the interviewer was smiling ("At last, I got you!" he said to himself.)   "Sorry sir, you promised me that you will not ask me a SECOND difficult question!"   Admission for the course was thus secured.  
- From the interviewee: "I owe a lot to my parents, especially my mother and father." (Greg Norman)   - "There have been injuries and deaths in boxing, but none of them serious." (Alan Minter)   - "Just under 10 seconds for Nigel Mansel. Call it 9.5 seconds in round numbers." (Murray Walker)   - "A brain scan revealed that Andrew Caddick is not suffering from stress fracture of the shin." (Jo Sheldon)   - "That's inches away from being millimetre perfect." (Ted Lowe)   - "I'll fight Lloyd Honeyghan for nothing if the price is right." (Marlon Starling)   - "I can't tell who's leading. It's either Oxford or Cambridge." (John Snagge - Boat Race between only Oxford and Cambridge)   - "The Queen's Park Oval, exactly as its name suggests, is absolutely round." (Tony Crozier) 
"And here's Moses Kiptanui, the 19 year old Kenyan, who turned 20 a few weeks ago." (David Coleman)   - "Its a great advantage to be able to hurdle with both legs" (David Coleman)   - "We now have exactly the same situation as we had at the start of the race, only exactly the opposite." (Murray Walker)   - After playing Cameroon in the 1990 world cup finals: "We didn't underestimate them. They were just a lot better than we thought." (Bobby Robson)   - On the difficulties of adjusting to playing football and living in Italy: "It was like being in a foreign country." (Ian Rush)   - "I was in a no-win situation, so I'm glad that I won rather than lost." (Frank Bruno)   - "There is Brendan Foster, by himself, with 20,000 people." (David Coleman)   - "The lead car is absolutely unique, except for the one behind it which is identical." (Murray Walker)  
A doctor examined a woman, took the husband aside, and said, “I don’t like the looks of your wife at all,” “Me neither doc,” said the husband. “But she’s a great cook and really good with the kids.”
There is a two letter word that perhaps has more meaning than any other two letter word – it’s “UP.” It’s easy to understand UP, meaning toward the sky or at the top of the list, but when we waken in the morning, why do we wake UP? At a meeting, why does a topic come UP? Why do we speak UP and why are the officers UP for election and why is it UP to the secretary to write UP a report? We call UP our friends, we use it to brighten UP a room, polish UP the silver, we warm UP the leftovers and clean UP the kitchen. We lock UP the house and some guys fix UP the old car. At other times the little word has real special meaning. People stir UP trouble, line UP for tickets, work UP an appetite, and think UP excuses. To be dressed is one thing but to be dressed UP is special, and this is confusing. A drain must be opened UP because it is stopped UP. We open UP a store in the morning but we close it UP at night. We seem to be pretty mixed UP about UP. To be knowledgeable of the proper uses of UP, look UP the word in the dictionary. In a desk size dictionary, UP takes UP almost 1/4th the page and definitions add UP to about thirty. If you are UP to it, you might try building UP a list of the many ways UP is used. It will take UP a lot of your time, but if you don’t give UP, you may wind UP with a hundred or more. When it threatens to rain, we say it is clouding UP. When it doesn’t rain for a while, things dry UP. One could go on and on, but I’ll wrap it UP, for now my time is UP, so I’ll shut UP.
There was a student who was desirous of taking admission for a study course.   He was smart enough to get through the written test, a GD and was to appear for the personal interview. Later, as the interview progressed, the interviewer found this boy to be bright since he could answer all the questions correctly. The interviewer got impatient and decided to corner the boy.   "Tell me your choice;" said he to the boy, "What's your choice: I shall either ask you ten easy questions or ONE real difficult. Think well before you make up your mind."   The boy thought for a while and said, "My choice is ONE real difficult question."   "Well, good luck to you, you have made your own choice!" said the man on the opposite side. Tell me: What comes first, Day or Night?"   The boy was jolted first but he waited for a while and said: "It's the DAY, sir."   "How???????" the interviewer was smiling ("At last, I got you!" he said to himself.)   "Sorry sir, you promised me that you will not ask me a SECOND difficult question!"   Admission for the course was thus secured.  
Q. Why was the strawberry so sad?   A. His parent’s were in a jam. 
Attending a wedding for the first time, a little girl whispered to her mother, "why is the bride dressed in white?"  "Because white is the color of happiness," her mother explained.  "And today is the happiest day in her life."  The child thought about this for a moment. "So why is the groom wearing black?"
A spokesperson for the U.S. Mint announced that a new fifty-cent piece was being issued to honor two great American patriots.  On one side of the coin would be Teddy Roosevelt and on the other side, Nathan Hale.  Asked why two people were going to be on the same coin, the spokesman replied, "Now, when you toss a coin you can simply call.... 'Ted's or Hale's'." 
A white-haired old man walked into a jewelry store on a Friday, with a beautiful young lady at his side.  "I'm looking for a special ring for my girlfriend," he said.  Our jeweler looked through our stock and took out an outstanding ring priced at $5,000. "I don't think you understand-I want something very unique," the man said.  At that, our now very excited jeweler went and fetched our special stock from the safe. "Here's one stunning ring at $40,000." The girl’s eyes sparkled, and the man said that he would take it. "How are you paying?" asked our jeweler.  "I'll pay by check; but of course the bank will want to make sure that everything is in order, so I'll write a check and you can phone the bank tomorrow, and then I'll fetch the ring on Monday."  Monday morning, our very disappointed jeweler phoned the man. "You lied, there's no money in that account."  "I know, sorry, but can you imagine what a FANTASTIC weekend I had?" 
 An Englishman took a business trip to New York. When he arrived, the hotel clerk asked him a riddle. "My mom and dad had a baby. It wasn't my brother. It wasn't my sister. Who was it?"  The Englishman thought long and hard, but eventually gave up. "I don't know who was it?"  The hotel clerk responded, "It was me!"  The Englishman thought that was hilarious. He couldn't wait to get home and tell this funny joke to his family and friends in England.  When he arrived home they met him at the airport and he asked them: "My mom and dad had a baby. It wasn't my brother. It wasn't my sister. Who was it?"  His friends thought and thought about it until they gave up. So he told them, "It was a hotel clerk I met in New York."   
Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One says, "I've lost my electron." The other says, "Are you sure?" The first replies, "Yes, I'm positive..." 
There is a two letter word that perhaps has more meaning than any other two letter word – it’s “UP.” It’s easy to understand UP, meaning toward the sky or at the top of the list, but when we waken in the morning, why do we wake UP? At a meeting, why does a topic come UP? Why do we speak UP and why are the officers UP for election and why is it UP to the secretary to write UP a report? We call UP our friends, we use it to brighten UP a room, polish UP the silver, we warm UP the leftovers and clean UP the kitchen. We lock UP the house and some guys fix UP the old car. At other times the little word has real special meaning. People stir UP trouble, line UP for tickets, work UP an appetite, and think UP excuses. To be dressed is one thing but to be dressed UP is special, and this is confusing. A drain must be opened UP because it is stopped UP. We open UP a store in the morning but we close it UP at night. We seem to be pretty mixed UP about UP. To be knowledgeable of the proper uses of UP, look UP the word in the dictionary. In a desk size dictionary, UP takes UP almost 1/4th the page and definitions add UP to about thirty. If you are UP to it, you might try building UP a list of the many ways UP is used. It will take UP a lot of your time, but if you don’t give UP, you may wind UP with a hundred or more. When it threatens to rain, we say it is clouding UP. When it doesn’t rain for a while, things dry UP. One could go on and on, but I’ll wrap it UP, for now my time is UP, so I’ll shut UP.
"And here's Moses Kiptanui, the 19 year old Kenyan, who turned 20 a few weeks ago." (David Coleman)   - "Its a great advantage to be able to hurdle with both legs" (David Coleman)   - "We now have exactly the same situation as we had at the start of the race, only exactly the opposite." (Murray Walker)   - After playing Cameroon in the 1990 world cup finals: "We didn't underestimate them. They were just a lot better than we thought." (Bobby Robson)   - On the difficulties of adjusting to playing football and living in Italy: "It was like being in a foreign country." (Ian Rush)   - "I was in a no-win situation, so I'm glad that I won rather than lost." (Frank Bruno)   - "There is Brendan Foster, by himself, with 20,000 people." (David Coleman)   - "The lead car is absolutely unique, except for the one behind it which is identical." (Murray Walker)  
- From the interviewee: "I owe a lot to my parents, especially my mother and father." (Greg Norman)   - "There have been injuries and deaths in boxing, but none of them serious." (Alan Minter)   - "Just under 10 seconds for Nigel Mansel. Call it 9.5 seconds in round numbers." (Murray Walker)   - "A brain scan revealed that Andrew Caddick is not suffering from stress fracture of the shin." (Jo Sheldon)   - "That's inches away from being millimetre perfect." (Ted Lowe)   - "I'll fight Lloyd Honeyghan for nothing if the price is right." (Marlon Starling)   - "I can't tell who's leading. It's either Oxford or Cambridge." (John Snagge - Boat Race between only Oxford and Cambridge)   - "The Queen's Park Oval, exactly as its name suggests, is absolutely round." (Tony Crozier) 
A spokesperson for the U.S. Mint announced that a new fifty-cent piece was being issued to honor two great American patriots.  On one side of the coin would be Teddy Roosevelt and on the other side, Nathan Hale.  Asked why two people were going to be on the same coin, the spokesman replied, "Now, when you toss a coin you can simply call.... 'Ted's or Hale's'." 
A white-haired old man walked into a jewelry store on a Friday, with a beautiful young lady at his side.  "I'm looking for a special ring for my girlfriend," he said.  Our jeweler looked through our stock and took out an outstanding ring priced at $5,000. "I don't think you understand-I want something very unique," the man said.  At that, our now very excited jeweler went and fetched our special stock from the safe. "Here's one stunning ring at $40,000." The girl’s eyes sparkled, and the man said that he would take it. "How are you paying?" asked our jeweler.  "I'll pay by check; but of course the bank will want to make sure that everything is in order, so I'll write a check and you can phone the bank tomorrow, and then I'll fetch the ring on Monday."  Monday morning, our very disappointed jeweler phoned the man. "You lied, there's no money in that account."  "I know, sorry, but can you imagine what a FANTASTIC weekend I had?" 
 An Englishman took a business trip to New York. When he arrived, the hotel clerk asked him a riddle. "My mom and dad had a baby. It wasn't my brother. It wasn't my sister. Who was it?"  The Englishman thought long and hard, but eventually gave up. "I don't know who was it?"  The hotel clerk responded, "It was me!"  The Englishman thought that was hilarious. He couldn't wait to get home and tell this funny joke to his family and friends in England.  When he arrived home they met him at the airport and he asked them: "My mom and dad had a baby. It wasn't my brother. It wasn't my sister. Who was it?"  His friends thought and thought about it until they gave up. So he told them, "It was a hotel clerk I met in New York."   
Did you hear the invisible man married the invisible woman? Their children weren't much to look at either. 
Did you hear the invisible man married the invisible woman? Their children weren't much to look at either. 
At a divorce court a family of bears is waiting for the judge to grant custody of little bear.  The judge asks the baby bear; “do you want to live with papa bear?” The baby bear replied;  "No he beats me. " The judge asked, so do you want to live with mommy bear!  The baby bear said,  "No she beats me too."  The judge asked,  "Then whom do you want to live with?" The baby bear says, "The Chicago bears, they don't beat anyone!" 
An insurance salesman was trying to persuade a housewife to take out a life insurance policy.  “Now supposing your husband were to die,” he said, “what would you get? “Oh, a Bulldog, I think,” replied the housewife. “They are always good company!” 
An insurance salesman was trying to persuade a housewife to take out a life insurance policy.  “Now supposing your husband were to die,” he said, “what would you get? “Oh, a Bulldog, I think,” replied the housewife. “They are always good company!” 
Joan and her neighbor are talking about their daughters, Joan says, my daughter is at the university. She’s very bright, you know.  Every time we get a letter from her we have to go to the dictionary. Her neighbor says you are lucky every time we hear from our daughter we have to go to the bank. 
An early morning storm produced a strong tornado, which damaged most of the roof of a Pasadena, Texas funeral home. Everyone there was scared stiff.
A wealthy ninety years old tycoon is meeting with is financial advisor.  The advisor is very excited and tells the old man. “ I just found out about an investment I can make for you which will double your money in just five years!” “Five years?  Are you kidding?” exclaims the old man.  “At my age, I don’t even buy green bananas.” 
A man took a bag of light bulbs back to the shop and asked for his money back, the manager asked,  “why do you want your money back?  The man replied, I planted every one of those light bulbs and not one of them flowered!
A man took a bag of light bulbs back to the shop and asked for his money back, the manager asked,  “why do you want your money back?  The man replied, I planted every one of those light bulbs and not one of them flowered!
Knock Knock Who's there? Alex Alex who? Alexplain later now let me in.
“What on earth do you think you are doing?” roared a shop-owner to a man who had walked in and licked all the goods.  The man pointed to a sigh and said, “Well, that notice says ‘Tongue Sandwiches’”.  
A man asked the barber “How much for a haircut?” “$5.50.” said the barber. “And how much for a shave?” “$3.00 sir.” “Very well, shave my head.” 
I had plastic surgery last week. My wife cut up my credit cards
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer
If a man is in the forest, talking to himself, with no woman around is he still wrong?
A juggler, driving to his next performance, is stopped by the police. “What are those knives doing in your car? Asked the officer. “I use them in my juggling act,” says the juggler. “Oh yeah?” “Let’s see you do it.” Says the policeman. So the man starts tossing and juggling the knives. A guy driving by sees this and says, “Wow, am I glad I stopped Drinking.  Look at the test they’re making you do now!”  
A man asked the barber “How much for a haircut?” “$5.50.” said the barber. “And how much for a shave?” “$3.00 sir.” “Very well, shave my head.” 
Two drunks were staggering home along a railway line.  “This is the longest staircase I’ve ever climbed, moaned one. “It certainly is,” slurred his body.  “And the banister’s so low; my back’s killing me.” 
While on a road trip, an elderly couple stopped at a roadside restaurant for lunch. After finishing their meal, they left the restaurant and resumed their trip.  When leaving, the elderly woman unknowingly left her glasses on the table. And, she didn't miss them until after they had been driving about twenty minutes. By then, to add to the aggravation, they had to travel quite a distance before they could find a place to turn around in order to return to the restaurant to retrieve her glasses.  All the way back, the elderly husband became the classic grouchy old man. He fussed and complained and scolded his wife relentlessly during the entire return drive. The more he chided her, the more agitated he became. He just wouldn't let up one minute.  To her relief, they finally arrived at the restaurant and as the woman got out of the car and hurried inside to retrieve her glasses, the old geezer yelled to her, "While you're in there, you might as well get my hat." 
Six packets of mothballs, please,” said an old lady to the chemist. “But I sold you six packets yesterday.” “I know, but my aim’s not very good and I keep missing them.” 
Two drunks were staggering home along a railway line.  “This is the longest staircase I’ve ever climbed, moaned one. “It certainly is,” slurred his body.  “And the banister’s so low; my back’s killing me.” 
As a distinguished matron approached the church entrance, a little boy stepped aside and held the door for her.  "What a polite little doorman," she said as she walked through. "Is there a tip involved?"  "Oh, no," answered the young man. "My mother taught me never to be good for money, but always to be good for nothing."   
A father came home from work one night to find his little boy sitting on the cat, with a pen and paper in his hand. “Why are you sitting on Felix?” he asked. “Well, teacher told us to write an essay on the family pet.” 
“What on earth do you think you are doing?” roared a shop-owner to a man who had walked in and licked all the goods.  The man pointed to a sigh and said, “Well, that notice says ‘Tongue Sandwiches’”.  
I know it's just a diet, but my body thinks it's famine. 
I had plastic surgery last week. My wife cut up my credit cards
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer
I know it's just a diet, but my body thinks it's famine. 
As a distinguished matron approached the church entrance, a little boy stepped aside and held the door for her.  "What a polite little doorman," she said as she walked through. "Is there a tip involved?"  "Oh, no," answered the young man. "My mother taught me never to be good for money, but always to be good for nothing."   
A father came home from work one night to find his little boy sitting on the cat, with a pen and paper in his hand. “Why are you sitting on Felix?” he asked. “Well, teacher told us to write an essay on the family pet.” 
While on a road trip, an elderly couple stopped at a roadside restaurant for lunch. After finishing their meal, they left the restaurant and resumed their trip.  When leaving, the elderly woman unknowingly left her glasses on the table. And, she didn't miss them until after they had been driving about twenty minutes. By then, to add to the aggravation, they had to travel quite a distance before they could find a place to turn around in order to return to the restaurant to retrieve her glasses.  All the way back, the elderly husband became the classic grouchy old man. He fussed and complained and scolded his wife relentlessly during the entire return drive. The more he chided her, the more agitated he became. He just wouldn't let up one minute.  To her relief, they finally arrived at the restaurant and as the woman got out of the car and hurried inside to retrieve her glasses, the old geezer yelled to her, "While you're in there, you might as well get my hat." 
Six packets of mothballs, please,” said an old lady to the chemist. “But I sold you six packets yesterday.” “I know, but my aim’s not very good and I keep missing them.” 
A man takes his son tiger hunting.  They’re creeping through the weeds and the man says,  “Son, this hunt marks your passage into manhood.  Do you have any questions?  And the boy says, “Yes, if the tiger kills you, how do I get home?”
Q: What did the spider say to the beetle? A: “Stop bugging me.” 
Q: What did the invisible man say to his girlfriend? A: “Baby, you are outta sight!” 
Q: Why did the maniac burn his jacket? A: ‘Cause he wanted a blazer.’ 
After twelve years in prison, a man finally escapes.  When he gets home, filthy and exhausted, his wife says,  “Where have you been?  You escaped eight ours ago!”
Q: Why did the maniac burn his jacket? A: ‘Cause he wanted a blazer.’ 
Q: What did the spider say to the beetle? A: “Stop bugging me.” 
Q: What did the invisible man say to his girlfriend? A: “Baby, you are outta sight!” 
Q: Why did the maniac burn his jacket? A: ‘Cause he wanted a blazer.’ 
One night, a caveman comes running into his cave and says, “Whew! There was a tiger chasing me all the way across the savannah!” His wife asks, “Why? The caveman replied, “I didn’t stop to ask!” 
After twelve years in prison, a man finally escapes.  When he gets home, filthy and exhausted, his wife says,  “Where have you been?  You escaped eight ours ago!”
One night, a caveman comes running into his cave and says, “Whew! There was a tiger chasing me all the way across the savannah!” His wife asks, “Why? The caveman replied, “I didn’t stop to ask!” 
Q: Why did the maniac burn his jacket? A: ‘Cause he wanted a blazer.’ 
A man takes his son tiger hunting.  They’re creeping through the weeds and the man says,  “Son, this hunt marks your passage into manhood.  Do you have any questions?  And the boy says, “Yes, if the tiger kills you, how do I get home?”
A juggler, driving to his next performance, is stopped by the police. “What are those knives doing in your car? Asked the officer. “I use them in my juggling act,” says the juggler. “Oh yeah?” “Let’s see you do it.” Says the policeman. So the man starts tossing and juggling the knives. A guy driving by sees this and says, “Wow, am I glad I stopped Drinking.  Look at the test they’re making you do now!”  
A rookie was calling up his station on his pocket radio. “I’m outside the Plaza Mall,” he reported.  “A man has been robbed I’ve got one them.” “Which one?” asked the operator. “The one that was robbed.” 
“May I go swimming, Mommy?” “No, you may not. There are sharks here.” “But Daddy’s swimming.” “He’s insured.” 
My bother is a professional boxer.” “Heavyweight?” “No, featherweight.  He tickles his opponents to death.”  
“Hey, you!” yelled the ranger to the small child.  “Can’t you read that sign? No fishing in this river.” “I’m not fishing,” came the perky reply. “I’m teaching my worm how to swim!” 
There is one Very Serious Law Firm.  All staff comes to work at 6am and leaves around 11pm.  Suddenly, one guy started his day at 9am.  All the guys exchanged “looks”.  And he left at 6pm.  All the guys exchanged “looks”.  Next day is the same story.  And the day after is the same story.  Finally, they come to this rebel to explain the rules. He listened, kept quiet for a while and said: ”Excuse me guys, I am on vacation…”   
A man tell his friend, “I went to my doctor to see if he could help me give up smoking” “What did he say?” “He suggested that every time I felt like a smoke I should reach for a bar of chocolate.” “Did that do any good?” “No – I can’t get the chocolate to light.” 
“Dad, the career counselor said that with a mind like mine I should study criminal law.” “That is wonderful, son. I’m proud of you.” “He said I had a criminal mind.” 
“How are you getting on with your football, Jack?” “Well, Dad, pretty good.  The coach said I was one of the team’s greatest drawbacks!” 
A recently widow says to her friend, “Oh don’t talk to me about lawyers” “I’ve had so much trouble settling my late husband’s estate that I sometimes whish he hadn’t died….” 
A man traveling over 125 miles per hour on the interstate was stopped by a highway patrol.  “Sorry, officer,” said the driver,  “was I driving too fast? “No, sir.  Our were flying too low.” 
The police officer: “You were exceeding the speed limit, ma’am, weren’t you?” The driver: “Yes, I was, sir, but you see my brakes are so bad that I wanted to get home before I had an accident.” 
Q: Under law, what is the maximum penalty for bigamy? A: Two mothers-in-law. 
A frantic woman had dialed 911. “Police, fire, or ambulance?” asked the operator. “I want a vet!” demanded the panic-stricken woman. “A vet?” said the operator in surprise. “What for?” “To open by bulldog’s jaws.” “But why did you call 911?” “There’s a burglar in them.”  
Two women were talking at a party, and one said, “Look at that awful-looking man over there… isn’t he hideous?  I think he must be the most unattractive man I’ve ever seen in my life!” “That happens to be my husband!” said the second icily. “Oh dear,” said the first, covered in confusion, “I’m so sorry.” To which the unfortunate wife replied, “You’re sorry…?” 
The moving man was struggling to get a large bureau up the stairs. “Why don’t you get Tom to help you?”  Asked the moving foreman, to which the man answered,  “Tom is inside carrying the clothes.” 
“I’d like some really tight jeans.” “Certainly, sir.  Will you walk this way?” “If they’re as tight as yours I’ll probably have to.” 
A woman rushes into a hardware store and said, “Can I have a muse trap, please?  And will you be quick – I’ve a bus to catch.” “Sorry, ma’am,” said the assistant,  “we don’t sell ‘em that big!” 
“How long will be the next bus be, Officer?” “About eight yards, sir.” 
Customer:  This loaf is lovely and warm! Baker: So it should be ma’am. The cat’s been sitting on it all morning! 
“How should I have played that last shot?” the bad golfer asked his partner. “Under an assumed name.” 
“So, thundered Greg’s furious father, “you have been expelled from college, have you?” “Yes, Dad.  I am a fugitive from a brain gang.” 
A young bride tells her friend, “Paul keeps telling everyone he’s going to marry the most beautiful girl in the world.” “ What a shame!  And after all the time you’ve been engaged!” 
One friend to another, “My husband is man of rate gifts.” “That’s nice.” “He hasn’t given me a present in twenty-five years of marriage…” 
“I’m not at all satisfied with the evidence against you,” said the judge to the prisoner on trial, “so I shall find you not guilty.  You are discharged.” “Oh, good,” said the prisoner, “does that mean I can keep the money?” 
“Sir, there’s a debt collector in the outer office.” “Tell him he can take that pile on my desk” 
A guy is passing a Mental Hospital surrounded by a wall and he hears the chanting inside, Thirteen! Thirteen! Thirteen! Curious to see what’s going on he finds a small hole in the wall, so he bends and peeks inside. Someone inside pokes him hard in the eye and everyone starts inside chanting, Fourteen! Fourtee! Fourteen!
Heckling in the courtroom had constantly interrupted the trial, and the judge had had enough.  “The next person who interrupts the proceeding will be thrown out of my court!” he said severely, at which the defendant yelled,  “Hooray!”
“Guilty or not guilty of begging?’ asked the magistrate. “Nearly guilty,” said the beggar. “What do you mean, ‘nearly’ guilty? Asked the puzzled magistrate. “Well, your honor, I asked the lady for twenty-five cents but I didn’t get it.” 
At a court date the judge asked, “What makes you think the prisoner was drunk?” “Well, your honor,” replied the arresting officer, “I saw him lift up the manhole cover and walk away with it, and when I asked him what it was for he said, “I want to listen to it on my record player.” 
Husband:  Why can’t you make bread like my mother? Wife: I would if you could make dough like your father! 
Doug had just formed his own rock band, and his little brother said one day,  “Doug, I wish you and your band could be on TV!” “You think we’re good, eh?” “Then I could turn you off!” 
“Hello, Ginger!”  Her brother called cheerily to his sister. “Don’t call me Ginger!” she snapped furiously.  “My hair is the color of gold.” “Yeah,” he replied with a jeer, “twenty-two carrots!” 
“What is your occupation?” asked the judge. “I’m a locksmith, your honor.” “And what were you doing in the jeweler’s shop at three in the morning when the police officers entered?’ “ I was making a bolt for the door!”  
Why did the idiot throw the clock out of the window? Because he wanted to see time fly!
A frantic woman had dialed 911. “Police, fire, or ambulance?” asked the operator. “I want a vet!” demanded the panic-stricken woman. “A vet?” said the operator in surprise. “What for?” “To open by bulldog’s jaws.” “But why did you call 911?” “There’s a burglar in them.”  
Two women were talking at a party, and one said, “Look at that awful-looking man over there… isn’t he hideous?  I think he must be the most unattractive man I’ve ever seen in my life!” “That happens to be my husband!” said the second icily. “Oh dear,” said the first, covered in confusion, “I’m so sorry.” To which the unfortunate wife replied, “You’re sorry…?” 
The moving man was struggling to get a large bureau up the stairs. “Why don’t you get Tom to help you?”  Asked the moving foreman, to which the man answered,  “Tom is inside carrying the clothes.” 
“I’d like some really tight jeans.” “Certainly, sir.  Will you walk this way?” “If they’re as tight as yours I’ll probably have to.” 
A woman rushes into a hardware store and said, “Can I have a muse trap, please?  And will you be quick – I’ve a bus to catch.” “Sorry, ma’am,” said the assistant,  “we don’t sell ‘em that big!” 
A man tell his friend, “I went to my doctor to see if he could help me give up smoking” “What did he say?” “He suggested that every time I felt like a smoke I should reach for a bar of chocolate.” “Did that do any good?” “No – I can’t get the chocolate to light.” 
A recently widow says to her friend, “Oh don’t talk to me about lawyers” “I’ve had so much trouble settling my late husband’s estate that I sometimes whish he hadn’t died….” 
“I’m not at all satisfied with the evidence against you,” said the judge to the prisoner on trial, “so I shall find you not guilty.  You are discharged.” “Oh, good,” said the prisoner, “does that mean I can keep the money?” 
Why did the idiot throw the clock out of the window? Because he wanted to see time fly!
A young bride tells her friend, “Paul keeps telling everyone he’s going to marry the most beautiful girl in the world.” “ What a shame!  And after all the time you’ve been engaged!” 
One friend to another, “My husband is man of rate gifts.” “That’s nice.” “He hasn’t given me a present in twenty-five years of marriage…” 
“So, thundered Greg’s furious father, “you have been expelled from college, have you?” “Yes, Dad.  I am a fugitive from a brain gang.” 
Doug had just formed his own rock band, and his little brother said one day,  “Doug, I wish you and your band could be on TV!” “You think we’re good, eh?” “Then I could turn you off!” 
“Hello, Ginger!”  Her brother called cheerily to his sister. “Don’t call me Ginger!” she snapped furiously.  “My hair is the color of gold.” “Yeah,” he replied with a jeer, “twenty-two carrots!” 
Husband:  Why can’t you make bread like my mother? Wife: I would if you could make dough like your father! 
At a court date the judge asked, “What makes you think the prisoner was drunk?” “Well, your honor,” replied the arresting officer, “I saw him lift up the manhole cover and walk away with it, and when I asked him what it was for he said, “I want to listen to it on my record player.” 
“What is your occupation?” asked the judge. “I’m a locksmith, your honor.” “And what were you doing in the jeweler’s shop at three in the morning when the police officers entered?’ “ I was making a bolt for the door!”  
Heckling in the courtroom had constantly interrupted the trial, and the judge had had enough.  “The next person who interrupts the proceeding will be thrown out of my court!” he said severely, at which the defendant yelled,  “Hooray!”
“How are you getting on with your football, Jack?” “Well, Dad, pretty good.  The coach said I was one of the team’s greatest drawbacks!” 
“Dad, the career counselor said that with a mind like mine I should study criminal law.” “That is wonderful, son. I’m proud of you.” “He said I had a criminal mind.” 
Q: Under law, what is the maximum penalty for bigamy? A: Two mothers-in-law. 
There is one Very Serious Law Firm.  All staff comes to work at 6am and leaves around 11pm.  Suddenly, one guy started his day at 9am.  All the guys exchanged “looks”.  And he left at 6pm.  All the guys exchanged “looks”.  Next day is the same story.  And the day after is the same story.  Finally, they come to this rebel to explain the rules. He listened, kept quiet for a while and said: ”Excuse me guys, I am on vacation…”   
Did you hear about the accountant with insomnia? He decided to try counting sheep, but he made a mistake and was up all night trying to find it!
A man traveling over 125 miles per hour on the interstate was stopped by a highway patrol.  “Sorry, officer,” said the driver,  “was I driving too fast? “No, sir.  Our were flying too low.” 
The police officer: “You were exceeding the speed limit, ma’am, weren’t you?” The driver: “Yes, I was, sir, but you see my brakes are so bad that I wanted to get home before I had an accident.” 
“How long will be the next bus be, Officer?” “About eight yards, sir.” 
Customer:  This loaf is lovely and warm! Baker: So it should be ma’am. The cat’s been sitting on it all morning! 
“May I go swimming, Mommy?” “No, you may not. There are sharks here.” “But Daddy’s swimming.” “He’s insured.” 
My bother is a professional boxer.” “Heavyweight?” “No, featherweight.  He tickles his opponents to death.”  
“Hey, you!” yelled the ranger to the small child.  “Can’t you read that sign? No fishing in this river.” “I’m not fishing,” came the perky reply. “I’m teaching my worm how to swim!” 
A rookie was calling up his station on his pocket radio. “I’m outside the Plaza Mall,” he reported.  “A man has been robbed I’ve got one them.” “Which one?” asked the operator. “The one that was robbed.” 
An elementary school teacher decides to pole the class on the difficulty of last night’s homework assignment:  How many people were able to complete the assignment without parents help?   About 25% of the class raises their hands. How many people we able to complete the assignment with the help of a parent? About 70% of the class raises their hand.  The teacher still notices about 5% of the class did not raise their hands.  She then calls out, "How many people had to help a parent complete your assignment? 
An elementary school teacher decides to pole the class on the difficulty of last night’s homework assignment:  How many people were able to complete the assignment without parents help?   About 25% of the class raises their hands. How many people we able to complete the assignment with the help of a parent? About 70% of the class raises their hand.  The teacher still notices about 5% of the class did not raise their hands.  She then calls out, "How many people had to help a parent complete your assignment? 
Q: What happens to a person when they're lost in a cornfield?  A: They get cornfused.
A man found a brass lamp, rubbed it vigorously, and a genie appeared. "For freeing me from the lamp, I will grant you any wish you desire," the genie said. The man replied, "I want a spectacular job.  A challenge that no man has ever succeeded at or has ever even dared try." "Poof!"  Said the genie.  "You're a housewife." 
“How should I have played that last shot?” the bad golfer asked his partner. “Under an assumed name.” 
“Sir, there’s a debt collector in the outer office.” “Tell him he can take that pile on my desk” 
A guy is passing a Mental Hospital surrounded by a wall and he hears the chanting inside, Thirteen! Thirteen! Thirteen! Curious to see what’s going on he finds a small hole in the wall, so he bends and peeks inside. Someone inside pokes him hard in the eye and everyone starts inside chanting, Fourteen! Fourtee! Fourteen!
Two football players were taking an important final exam. If they failed, they would be on academic probation and not allowed to play in the Sugar Bowl the following week. The exam was fill-in-the-blank.  The last question read, "Old MacDonald had a _________." Bubba was stumped. He had no idea of the answer. He knew he needed to get this one right to be sure that he passed. Making sure the professor wasn't watching, he tapped Tiny on the shoulder. "Pssst. Tiny. What's the answer to the last question?" Tiny laughed. He looked around to make sure that the professor wasn't looking. Then he then turned to Bubba. "Bubba, you're so dumb. Everyone knows Old MacDonald had a farm." "Oh yeah," said Bubba. "I remember now." He picked up his No.2 pencil and started to write the answer in the blank. He stopped. Reaching to tap Tiny's shoulder again, he whispered, "Tiny, how do you spell farm?" "You are really dumb, Bubba. That's so easy. Farm is spelled E-I-E-I-O." 
Did you hear what happened to the optometrist?  He fell into his lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself.  
Edward Hale, while chaplain of the U.S. Senate, was asked, "Do you pray for the senators?" He quickly replied, "No.  After getting to know the senators, I pray for the people."
I See Said The Blind Man I Hear Said The Deaf Man And The Man With No Legs Kicked Them Both
A teacher said to her student, "Billy, if both of your parents were born in 1967, how old are they now?" After a few moments, Billy answered, "It depends." "It depends on what?" she asked. "It depends on whether you ask my father or my mother."
A little Henry sits at the dinner table, reaches into his plate, picks up a chicken leg, and starts to eat. His mother says, "Henry did you wash your hands?" Henry replies, "No!  I don’t want my chicken to taste like soap mom!
A man went to the airline counter.  The ticket agent asked, "Sir, do you have reservations?"  He replied, "Reservations?  Of course I have reservations, but I'm flying anyway."
Did you hear what happened to the optometrist?  He fell into his lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself.  
Q: What happens to a person when they're lost in a cornfield?  A: They get cornfused.
A man found a brass lamp, rubbed it vigorously, and a genie appeared. "For freeing me from the lamp, I will grant you any wish you desire," the genie said. The man replied, "I want a spectacular job.  A challenge that no man has ever succeeded at or has ever even dared try." "Poof!"  Said the genie.  "You're a housewife." 
At an entrance: Woman: Did you open the door for me because I am a lady? Man:   No, I did because I am a gentleman.
Edward Hale, while chaplain of the U.S. Senate, was asked, "Do you pray for the senators?" He quickly replied, "No.  After getting to know the senators, I pray for the people."
A teacher said to her student, "Billy, if both of your parents were born in 1967, how old are they now?"  After a few moments, Billy answered, "It depends."  "It depends on what?" she asked.  "It depends on whether you ask my father or my mother."
A man went to the airline counter.  The ticket agent asked, "Sir, do you have reservations?"  He replied, "Reservations?  Of course I have reservations, but I'm flying anyway."
Three men were sitting on a bench in heaven discussing how they died.  The first man said "I died of cancer."  The second man said, "I died of tuberculosis".  The third man said "I died of seenus".  The first two men said, "No, you mean sinus."  The third man said "No, I mean seenus.  I was out with my best friend's wife and he seen us!"
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it deosn’t mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be at the rghit  pclae. The rset can be a total mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit porbelm. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe.  Pettry amzanig huh?
A kindergarten pupil told his teacher he’d found a cat, but it was dead. “How do you know that the cat was dead?” she asked her pupil. “Because I pissed in its ear and it didn’t move,” answered the child innocently.  “You did WHAT?! ?” the teacher exclaimed in surprise.  “You know,” explained the boy, “I leaned over and went ‘Pssst!’ and it didn’t move.” 
An exasperated mother, whose son was always getting into mischief, finally asked him “How do you expect to get into Heaven?”  The boy thought it over and said, “Well, I’ll run in and out and in and out and keep slamming the door until St. Peter says, ‘For Heaven’s sake, Dylan, come in or stay out!’” 
A little girl asked her mother, “Can I go outside and play with the boys?”   Her mother replied, “No, you can’t play with the boys, they’re too rough.”  The little girl thought about it for a few moments and asked,  “If I can find a smooth one, can I play with him?” 
An investment counselor decided to go out on her own. She was shrewd and diligent, so business kept coming in, and pretty soon she realized that she needed an in-house counsel. She began to interview young lawyers.  "As I'm sure you can understand," she started off with one of the first applicants, "in a business like this, our personal integrity must be beyond question." She leaned forward. "Mr. Peterson, are you an honest lawyer?"  "Honest?" replied the job prospect. "Let me tell you something about honest. Why, I'm so honest that my father lent me $15,000 for my education, and I paid back every penny the minute I tried my very first case."  "Impressive. And what sort of case was that?"  The lawyer squirmed in his seat and admitted, "He sued me for the money." 
An investment counselor decided to go out on her own. She was shrewd and diligent, so business kept coming in, and pretty soon she realized that she needed an in-house counsel. She began to interview young lawyers.  "As I'm sure you can understand," she started off with one of the first applicants, "in a business like this, our personal integrity must be beyond question." She leaned forward. "Mr. Peterson, are you an honest lawyer?"  "Honest?" replied the job prospect. "Let me tell you something about honest. Why, I'm so honest that my father lent me $15,000 for my education, and I paid back every penny the minute I tried my very first case."  "Impressive. And what sort of case was that?"  The lawyer squirmed in his seat and admitted, "He sued me for the money." 
A woman, on meeting a psychologist at a party, made a pitch for some free professional advice. "What kind of toy would you suggest giving a little boy on his third birthday?" she asked.  "First I'd have to know more about the child," the psychologist hedged.  The woman took a deep breath. "He's very bright and quick-witted and exceptionally advanced for his age," she said. "He has good coordination, expresses himself very well..."  "Oh, I see," the psychologist said, "It's YOUR child!" 
Marriage is the process of finding out what kind of man your wife would have preferred.
woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer. She wanted to know if the photographer could remove the hat from the picture. He convinced her he could easily do that, and asked her what side of his head her husband parted his hair on.  "I forgot," she said. "But you can see that for yourself when you take off his hat."   
Grandpa was driving with his 9-year-old granddaughter and beeped the horn by mistake. She turned and looked at him for an explanation.  He said, "I did that by accident."  She replied, "I know that, Grandpa."  He replied, "How did you know?" She said, "Because you didn't say "idiot!" afterwards. 
A woman, on meeting a psychologist at a party, made a pitch for some free professional advice. "What kind of toy would you suggest giving a little boy on his third birthday?" she asked.  "First I'd have to know more about the child," the psychologist hedged.  The woman took a deep breath. "He's very bright and quick-witted and exceptionally advanced for his age," she said. "He has good coordination, expresses himself very well..."  "Oh, I see," the psychologist said, "It's YOUR child!" 
woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer. She wanted to know if the photographer could remove the hat from the picture. He convinced her he could easily do that, and asked her what side of his head her husband parted his hair on.  "I forgot," she said. "But you can see that for yourself when you take off his hat."   
Grandpa was driving with his 9-year-old granddaughter and beeped the horn by mistake. She turned and looked at him for an explanation.  He said, "I did that by accident."  She replied, "I know that, Grandpa."  He replied, "How did you know?" She said, "Because you didn't say "idiot!" afterwards. 
Marriage is the process of finding out what kind of man your wife would have preferred.
Q: Why did the farmer receive an award? A: Because he was outstanding in his field (out standing in his field) 
A lady goes into the hospital to have a very serious operation. While on the operating table. Undergoing preparation, she flat lines and soon finds herself standing before St. Peter. She begins to wonder what she is doing there. "Are you sure that I'm suppose to be here, St. Peter?" St. Peter says: “Let me look at the Book of Life." He looks carefully and says: “Why, no, my good woman, you're not due here for 30 or 40 years!" Suddenly, the lady wakes up in the O.R. and the doctor says: Wow! We thought we had lost you! We've consulted here and we decided you don't need this operation at this time." The lady hesitates and says: “Doctor, since I'm here and all prepped could you perhaps see what you can do about this flabbiness under my arms? And maybe give me a little tummy tuck and..... Oh! Oh, how about these facial laugh lines?" A week later, she is walking across the hospital parking lot when she is hit and killed by a truck. She goes again before S. Peter and she asks: “I thought you said I'm not due here for 30 or 40 years?" St. Peter says:" I didn't recognize you, my dear!"
Why did Mickey Mouse go to space? ..................... To visit Pluto
Scientists are using the rovers to diligently search for life on the red planet.  They have discovered water and ice.  The search now depends on the successful discovery of empty gin bottles.
A man goes into B&Q and says, “I’d like to order 5,000 facing bricks.” “Certainly” says the salesman, “Are they for a garage?” “No” says the man; “They’re for a Bar-B-Q” “Why do you need so many?” asks the salesman “Well,” says the man “We live in a 3rd floor flat.” 
What's the good thing about having Altzeimer's? You get to meet new people every day!
A couple is dressed and ready to go out for the evening.  They phone for a cab, turn on a night light, cover their pet parakeet and put the cat out in the back yard.  The taxi arrives, and they open the front door to leave.  Suddenly the cat they put out scoots back into the house.  They don't want the cat shut in there because she always tries to eat the bird.  The wife goes out to the taxi while the husband goes back in.  The cat runs upstairs, with the man in hot pursuit.  The wife doesn't want the driver to know the house will be empty.  She explains to the taxi driver that her husband will be out soon.  "He's just going upstairs to say goodbye to my mother."  A few minutes later the husband gets into the cab.  "Sorry I took so long," he says, as they drive away.  "Stupid hag was hiding under the bed.  Had to poke her with a coat hanger to get her to come out!  Then I had to wrap her in a blanket to keep her from scratching me.  But it worked.  I hauled her fat butt downstairs and threw her out into the back yard!  The cab driver hit a parked car.
A couple is dressed and ready to go out for the evening.  They phone for a cab, turn on a night light, cover their pet parakeet and put the cat out in the back yard.  The taxi arrives, and they open the front door to leave.  Suddenly the cat they put out scoots back into the house.  They don't want the cat shut in there because she always tries to eat the bird.  The wife goes out to the taxi while the husband goes back in.  The cat runs upstairs, with the man in hot pursuit.  The wife doesn't want the driver to know the house will be empty.  She explains to the taxi driver that her husband will be out soon.  "He's just going upstairs to say goodbye to my mother."  A few minutes later the husband gets into the cab.  "Sorry I took so long," he says, as they drive away.  "Stupid hag was hiding under the bed.  Had to poke her with a coat hanger to get her to come out!  Then I had to wrap her in a blanket to keep her from scratching me.  But it worked.  I hauled her fat butt downstairs and threw her out into the back yard!  The cab driver hit a parked car.
What's the good thing about having Altzeimer's? You get to meet new people every day!
Two antennas's decided one day to get married. The wedding wasn't that good but the reception was great!!!
One day the first grade teacher was reading the story of Chicken Little to her class. She came to the part of the story where Chicken Little tried to warn the farmer. She read, ".... and so Chicken Little went up to the farmer and said, "The sky is falling, the sky is falling!"   The teacher paused then asked the class, "And what do you think that farmer said?"  One little girl raised her hand and said,  "I think he said: 'Holy Mackerel! A talking chicken!'"   The teacher was unable to teach for the next 10 minutes. 
Why did the turtle cross the road?  “To get to the shell station.”     Why was the turtle so shiny when he left the shell station?   He used some turtle wax! 
Q: How many duffers does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: 4. One to hold the light bulb and stand on a spinning chair and 3 to spin the chair round and round! 
The definition of Punctuality: The art of waiting for others who are unpunctual.
In chemistry class the subject was  "oxidation - reduction.”  The teacher was really excited and after the lesson asked the students in a very loud voice, “now tell me where is the electron? Where is it?" a drowsy student jumps up at this and shouts "o.k." Nobody moves. Sir, shut the door. We can still catch the thief"
Two men, both married, were discussing their lives. Suddenly one says," You know, I think I would like to die before my wife" " Now why is that"? Asked the other.  " Because if she's there when I arrive, she'll be telling a lot of things about me. And I want to clear my account before that"! 
Recently while attending a dinner party, by way of conversation, the guest seated beside me asked "do you stir your coffee with your right hand or your left?” to which I replied "My right hand”. The response "interesting indeed, I stir mine with a spoon!”
They say marriages are made in heaven, “well," so are lightning and thunder!
What do you call stinky noodles?  Fedit-cheeni
Man: (to woman) I'd buy you a drink but I'd be jealous of the glass.
Knock, Knock Who's there? Boo Boo who Boo hoo why are you crying it's just a joke!!
Knock, Knock Who's there? Boo Boo who Boo hoo why are you crying it's just a joke!!
Recently while attending a dinner party, by way of conversation, the guest seated beside me asked "do you stir your coffee with your right hand or your left?” to which I replied "My right hand”. The response "interesting indeed, I stir mine with a spoon!”
Five cannibals(Man eaters) get appointed as programmers in an IT company.   During the welcoming ceremony the boss says: "You're all part of our team   now. You can earn good money here, and you can go to the company canteen   for something to eat. So don't trouble the other employees". The cannibals   promise not to trouble the other employees.     Four weeks later the boss returns and says: "You're all working very hard,   and I'm very satisfied with all of you. One of our developers has   disappeared however. Do any of you know what happened to her?" The   cannibals disown all knowledge of the missing developer.     After the boss has left, the leader of the cannibals says to the others:   "Which of you idiots ate the developer?"     One of the cannibals raises his hand hesitantly, to which the leader of  the   cannibals says: "You FOOL! For four weeks we've been eating team leaders,   managers, and project managers and no-one has noticed anything, and now   YOU ate one developer and it got noticed. So hereafter please don't eat a person who is working. 
Two men, both married, were discussing their lives. Suddenly one says," You know, I think I would like to die before my wife" " Now why is that"? Asked the other.  " Because if she's there when I arrive, she'll be telling a lot of things about me. And I want to clear my account before that"! 
Q: Why did Mr. Stupid tiptoe past the medicine cabinet?  A: He didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills!! 
Q: What did King Tut say when he was scared? A: I want my mummy!!!
In chemistry class the subject was  "oxidation - reduction.”  The teacher was really excited and after the lesson asked the students in a very loud voice, “now tell me where is the electron? Where is it?" a drowsy student jumps up at this and shouts "o.k." Nobody moves. Sir, shut the door. We can still catch the thief"
Knock Knock! Whose there? Dwane Dwane who? Dwane the bathtub I’m Dwownig? 
If a fellow met a fellow in a field of flowers........... How many "f's" in that? None. There are no "F's" in the word: That. 
Four people are in an airplane, the pilot, the smartest man in the world, the richest man in the world, and a punk teenager. The airplane experiences some difficulties, and the pilot informs the three passengers that the plane is going to crash, and there are only three parachutes on the plane. The richest man in the world takes one, because he says that his lawyers will sue everyone else on the plane if he doesn't survive. The smartest man in the world takes a parachute, because he thinks that the world would be a worse place without him. The pilot says to the punk "There's only one parachute left, I'll fight you for it." "That won't be necessary," said the punk, "The smartest man in the world took my backpack."
A sign outside of a restaurant boasted “We serve anything you want,” So one smart Alec went in, and ordered roast monkey and chips. “Certainly, sir,” said the waiter and went into the kitchen only to reappear a few minutes later looking very disappointed.  “No monkey,” smirked the smart Alec. “It’s not that sir.  We have run out of potatoes.”  
Q. Where did the Egyptian Mummy go to get her back fixed? A. The Cairo..practor!  
At a wedding, there was a child that walked down the aisle. Every two steps he stopped, put his hands up in the air like claws, and gave a little roar. So it kept going. Step Step Roar, Step Step Roar. When he finally got to the altar the guests were in tears laughing. When asked why he was doing this he said, “I was the ring bear!"
Q: Have you noticed that cars in England have the steering wheels on the wrong side of the car? A: No. They’re on the right side of the car 
Q: Why did the lamp go on a diet? A: Because it wanted to get light 
A little boy was doing his homework one evening and turned to his father and said, “Dad, where would I find the Andes? “Don’t ask me,” said the father.  “Ask your mother.  She puts everything away in this house.”  
 “Have you got any kittens going cheap?”  Asked a customer in a pet shop. “No, sir,” replied the owner.  “All our kittens go “Meow.” 
A male crab and a female lobster are dating, but they are hiding it from their parents because of the obvious reason.  Eventually the lobster gets tired of all the secrecy and she tells her father, who is furious and forbids her to see the crab again.  “But why can’t I see the crab again?  We’re in love!” cries the lobster. “Because,” says the father, trying to search for a reasonable answer, “crabs walk sideways and we walk straight!” “Please, father,” she begs.  “Just meet him once and I’m sure you will change your mind.” The father finally agrees to meet the crab and she runs our to tell him the good news. The crab is so excited that he practices walking straight.  He practices and practices until finally he can walk straight.  He walks the entire way to the lobster’s house as straight as he can. The father sees him coming and yells to his daughter,  “Hey, here comes that crab and he’s drunk!” 
A man at the airline counter tells the rep.  “I’d like this bag to go to Berlin, this one to California, and this one to London. The rep says, “I’m sorry sir.  We can’t do that.” The man replied:  Nonsense. That is what you did last time I flew with you. 
 “I don’t want a car,” said the farmer to the persistent salesman.  “I need a new cow.”  “But you can’t ride a cow along the streets.” “True.  But I can’t milk a new car, can I?”  
Pointing to a super train set, an old man said to the shop clerk, “I’ll take it.” “I’m sure your grandson will like it, sir,” said the clerk. “I suppose you are right,” sighed the old man, “You’d better give me two.” 
“I see you’re losing your hair.” “Nonsense.  I know exactly where it is – down the bathroom sink.” 
At a psychiatrist a man says, Doctor, I think there are two of me. The doctor replies, Well, why don’t you both sit down and one of you tell me all about it.  
A male crab and a female lobster are dating, but they are hiding it from their parents because of the obvious reason.  Eventually the lobster gets tired of all the secrecy and she tells her father, who is furious and forbids her to see the crab again.  “But why can’t I see the crab again?  We’re in love!” cries the lobster. “Because,” says the father, trying to search for a reasonable answer, “crabs walk sideways and we walk straight!” “Please, father,” she begs.  “Just meet him once and I’m sure you will change your mind.” The father finally agrees to meet the crab and she runs our to tell him the good news. The crab is so excited that he practices walking straight.  He practices and practices until finally he can walk straight.  He walks the entire way to the lobster’s house as straight as he can. The father sees him coming and yells to his daughter,  “Hey, here comes that crab and he’s drunk!” 
 “I don’t want a car,” said the farmer to the persistent salesman.  “I need a new cow.”  “But you can’t ride a cow along the streets.” “True.  But I can’t milk a new car, can I?”  
Pointing to a super train set, an old man said to the shop clerk, “I’ll take it.” “I’m sure your grandson will like it, sir,” said the clerk. “I suppose you are right,” sighed the old man, “You’d better give me two.” 
“I see you’re losing your hair.” “Nonsense.  I know exactly where it is – down the bathroom sink.” 
A little boy was doing his geography homework one evening and turned to his father and said, “Dad, where would I find the Andes?  “Don’t ask me,” said the father.  “Ask your mother.  She puts everything away in this house.”  
At a psychiatrist a man says, Doctor, I think there are two of me. The doctor replies, Well, why don’t you both sit down and one of you tell me all about it.  
A man visits his doctor and says, doctor, I keep seeing green Martians before my eyes. The doctor asks have you seen a psychiatrist? The patient says, "No Only green Martians!" 
A man takes his dog to the vet.  “My dog is crossed eyed, is there anything you can do for him?  “Well,” says the vet, “let’s take a look at him.”  So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth.  Finally, he says, “I’m going to have to put him down.”  “What? Because he is cross-eyed?” “No, because he’s really heavy.” 
A man visits his doctor and says, doctor, I keep seeing green Martians before my eyes. The doctor asks have you seen a psychiatrist? The patient says, "No Only green Martians!" 
A sign outside of a restaurant boasted “We serve anything you want,” So one smart Alec went in, and ordered roast monkey and chips. “Certainly, sir,” said the waiter and went into the kitchen only to reappear a few minutes later looking very disappointed.  “No monkey,” smirked the smart Alec. “It’s not that sir.  We have run out of potatoes.”  
A man at the airline counter tells the rep.  “I’d like this bag to go to Berlin, this one to California, and this one to London. The rep says, “I’m sorry sir.  We can’t do that.” The man replied:  Nonsense. That is what you did last time I flew with you. 
 “Have you got any kittens going cheap?”  Asked a customer in a pet shop. “No, sir,” replied the owner.  “All our kittens go “Meow.” 
If a flea and a fly pass each other, what time is it?  Fly past flea. 
What travel 100 miles per hour underground? “A mole on a motorbike.”
Why did the owl make everyone laugh? “Cause he was a hoot! 
Poor old Bob sent his photograph off to a Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren’t that lonely
To everyone amazement the middle-aged spinster announced her engagement. “But I thought you said all men were stupid,” said one friend, “and that you’d never marry! “Yes, I did, she replied, “but then I found one who asked me.” 
His girlfriend’s father was interviewing Young Charles. “So,” said that impressive personage, “you want to be my so-in-law, do you? “Not particularly,” said Charles tactlessly, “but if I want to marry your daughter I haven’t much choice, have I?”  
One guy to another, “Last week I took the first step towards getting divorced.” “Did you see a lawyer?” “No, I got married.”  
On their first evening in their new home the bride went in to the kitchen to fix drinks.  Five minutes later she came back into the living room in tears. “What’s the matter, my angel?” asked her husband anxiously. “Oh, Steven!  She sobbed, “I put the ice cubes in hot water to wash them and now they’ve disappeared!” 
Mr. and Mrs. Smith were celebrating their silver anniversary with a big party, at which the center of attraction was a huge cake.  “This cake was made by my wife’s fair hands,” said Mr. Smith proudly.  “Every year on our anniversary she makes a cake, and I like to think of them as milestones on our journey through life ….”
Mrs. Sullivan and her little daughter Patty were outside the church watching all the comings and goings of a wedding.  After the photographs had been taken, everyone had driven off to the reception, and all the excitement was over. Patty asked her mother, “Why did the bride change her mind, Mommy? “How do you mean, change her min?” asked Mrs. Sullivan. “Well said the child, “she went into the church with one man and came out with another!” 
“I saw you kissing my sister last night!” jeered the brat to the embarrassed teenager. “All right all right! Not so loud,” said the youth.  “Here’s fifty cents to keep your mouth shut.” “Gee, thank! Wait a minute and I’ll give you twenty cents change.” “Twenty cents change?  What for?” “I like to be fair,” said the youngster, “and it’s the same price for everybody!”  
A man whose son had just passed his driving test went home one evening and found that the boy had driven slap into the living room. “How on earth did you manage to do that?” he fumed. “Quite simple, Dad.  I came in through the kitchen and turned left!” 
“So”, thundered Larry’s furious father, “you’ve been expelled from college, have you? “Yes, Dad. I am a fugitive from a brain gang.” 
One friend to another “I think my wife is trying to tell me something,” “She keeps wrapping my sandwiches in a road map!”
Frank was madly in love with Susan, but couldn’t get up enough courage to pop the question face to face.  Finally he decided to ask her on the telephone.  “Darling! He blurted out, “Will you marry me?” “Of course, I will, you silly boy,” she replied, “Who’s speaking?” 
Q. What did the cork say to the bottle? A. “If you don’t behave I’ll plug you.” 
“How are you getting on with your exams?” “Not bad.  The questions are easy enough – it’s the answers I have trouble with!” 
One friend to another “I think my wife is trying to tell me something,” “She keeps wrapping my sandwiches in a road map!”
Frank was madly in love with Susan, but couldn’t get up enough courage to pop the question face to face.  Finally he decided to ask her on the telephone.  “Darling! He blurted out, “Will you marry me?” “Of course, I will, you silly boy,” she replied, “Who’s speaking?” 
If a flea and a fly pass each other, what time is it?  Fly past flea. 
A man whose son had just passed his driving test went home one evening and found that the boy had driven slap into the living room. “How on earth did you manage to do that?” he fumed. “Quite simple, Dad.  I came in through the kitchen and turned left!” 
“So”, thundered Larry’s furious father, “you’ve been expelled from college, have you? “Yes, Dad. I am a fugitive from a brain gang.” 
John and Tony were in the bar, pondering over Tony’s problems.  “Andrea and I want to get married,” said Tony, “but we can’t find anywhere to live.” “Why don’t you live with Andrea’s parents?” suggested John. “We can’t do that,” said Tony, “they’re living with their parents!” 
One guy to another, “Last week I took the first step towards getting divorced.” “Did you see a lawyer?” “No, I got married.”  
On their first evening in their new home the bride went in to the kitchen to fix drinks.  Five minutes later she came back into the living room in tears. “What’s the matter, my angel?” asked her husband anxiously. “Oh, Steven!  She sobbed, “I put the ice cubes in hot water to wash them and now they’ve disappeared!” 
Mr. and Mrs. Smith were celebrating their silver anniversary with a big party, at which the center of attraction was a huge cake.  “This cake was made by my wife’s fair hands,” said Mr. Smith proudly.  “Every year on our anniversary she makes a cake, and I like to think of them as milestones on our journey through life ….”
Poor old Bob sent his photograph off to a Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren’t that lonely
When is bad luck to be followed by a black cat? When you’re a mouse! 
Little Amy confided to her uncle, “When I grow up I’m going to marry the boy next door.”  “Why is that?”  “Cause I’m not allowed to cross the road.”  
Mrs. Sullivan and her little daughter Patty were outside the church watching all the comings and goings of a wedding.  After the photographs had been taken, everyone had driven off to the reception, and all the excitement was over. Patty asked her mother, “Why did the bride change her mind, Mommy? “How do you mean, change her min?” asked Mrs. Sullivan. “Well said the child, “she went into the church with one man and came out with another!” 
“I saw you kissing my sister last night!” jeered the brat to the embarrassed teenager. “All right all right! Not so loud,” said the youth.  “Here’s fifty cents to keep your mouth shut.” “Gee, thank! Wait a minute and I’ll give you twenty cents change.” “Twenty cents change?  What for?” “I like to be fair,” said the youngster, “and it’s the same price for everybody!”  
To everyone amazement the middle-aged spinster announced her engagement. “But I thought you said all men were stupid,” said one friend, “and that you’d never marry! “Yes, I did, she replied, “but then I found one who asked me.” 
What travel 100 miles per hour underground? “A mole on a motorbike.”
Why did the owl make everyone laugh? “Cause he was a hoot! 
Q. What did the cork say to the bottle? A. “If you don’t behave I’ll plug you.” 
“How are you getting on with your exams?”  “Not bad. The questions are easy enough, it’s the answers I'm having trouble with.” 
There were two cows in a paddock and one said to the other, "I'm a bit worried about this mad cow disease that's been going around."  The other answered; "It won't worry me, I'm a helicopter!!"
A cheating painting contractor has been skimping by thinning his paint excessively. Nevertheless, he lands a big job painting a church. He's almost done when a major storm comes up. It washes all the paint off. Midst the thunder and lightening, a loud voice is heard, REPAINT, and REPAINT, THIN NO MORE!    
Ah! Yes, love is blind, and marriage is and eye opener!
Q: Why did your mom bring a spoon to the super-bowl? A: She wanted to eat it all!! 
1. Why are round pizzas put in square boxes? 2. If a deaf person must appear in court is it still called a hearing? 3. Why does the sign read, “Enter at your own risk" who else could you risk other than yourself? 4. If it's called "frying pan" is it OK to boil something in it? 5. Why doesn't every doughnut have nuts in it? 
A man walks pass a beggar on the corner of the street where he works. The beggar holds out his one hand and the man drops a coin into his hand.  One day the man walks pass the beggar again and notices the beggar is holding hold out both his hands. He asks: “Why are you holding out both of your hands?”  The beggar replied, "You see sir, business is going so well I decided to open another branch".
Did you hear about the cowboy who wore paper pants, a paper shirt, paper boots, and wore a paper hat?  The Sheriff arrested him for rustling.
One day an employee came in to work with both of his ears bandaged.    When his boss asked him what happened, he explained:                                                                 "Yesterday I was ironing a shirt when the phone rang and I accidentally answered the iron instead of the phone!"                                                                  "Well," the boss said, "that explains one ear, but what about the other?"   "They called back!"                    
Why did the author write his novel in the basement?    He wanted to write a best cellar. 
Q: What did the zero say to the eight? A: Nice belt. 
What’s the difference between a new husband and a new dog?  After a year the dog is still happy to see you. 
Q:  Where do cows go on Fridays? A: To the Moooovies 
Q: What happens when a duck flies upside down? A: He quacks up.
Q: What do you get if you put a 20 ducks in a box? A:  A box of Quakers 
A man goes to see his doctor because of a problem he is having concerning his memory.  The man tells the doctor "I have been having lots of problems remembering things that happened in the past couple of hours, you know, my short term memory."  The doctor replies "How long has this been going on?”  The puzzled man looks back at the doctor and says "How long has what been going on?"
Computers are like air conditioners. They work fine until you start opening windows.
Q: Why did your mom bring a spoon to the super-bowl? A: She wanted to eat it all!! 
A family of skunks was trapped in a thicket, surrounded by a pack of hungry wolves that were edging even closer. The Mother skunk calmly instructed her young: "Quickly children, let's put our heads together!" After they obeyed, forming a circle, she continued, "Now—Let us spray!"
1. Why are round pizzas put in square boxes? 2. If a deaf person must appear in court is it still called a hearing? 3. Why does the sign read, “Enter at your own risk" who else could you risk other than yourself? 4. If it's called "frying pan" is it OK to boil something in it? 5. Why doesn't every doughnut have nuts in it? 
A man goes to see his doctor because of a problem he is having concerning his memory.  The man tells the doctor "I have been having lots of problems remembering things that happened in the past couple of hours, you know, my short term memory."  The doctor replies "How long has this been going on?”  The puzzled man looks back at the doctor and says "How long has what been going on?"
Q: What did the zero say to the eight? A: Nice belt. 
A little man is sitting in a bar when a big guy comes up and says here’s a punch from Japan the little man gets up and the big guy goes here’s a kick from Korea knocking him down the little guy just smiles and goes away 15 minutes later he comes over and knock the guy out cold then he looks at the bartender and says when he wakes up tell him that was a crowbar from "Lowes." 
A father and son went deep-sea fishing.  Out at sea, the father sees his son drilling a hole in the boat, when asked what he was doing, the son replied, "there's water coming into the boat, so I made a another hole for it to escape."
What’s the difference between a new husband and a new dog?  After a year the dog is still happy to see you. 
Why did the author write his novel in the basement?    He wanted to write a best cellar. 
Ah! Yes, love is blind, and marriage is and eye opener!
Q: What happens when a duck flies upside down? A: He quacks up.
Q: What do you get if you put a 20 ducks in a box? A:  A box of Quakers 
Q:  Where do cows go on Fridays? A: To the Moooovies 
Computers are like air conditioners. They work fine until you start opening windows.
Q: What do you call a fancy event in the desert? A: A cac-ti affair.
This guy calls an Airline and asks "How long does it take to get from Boston to New York? "The rep says, “One min. please, ”  and  the guy says, “ Ok Thank you for your help”
Q: If you have 4 apples and 3 oranges in one hand, and 3 apples and 4 oranges in the other, what do you have? A: Very large hands!!
A dirty little boy was playing at the playground and walked up to his mother and asked, "Who am I?" The mother replied, "I don't know! Who are you?" the little boy said excitedly, "WOW! My teacher was right. She said that I was so dirty that even my own mother wouldn't recognize me."
Q: Why is the Dalmatian always found when playing hide and go seek? A:  Because his is spotted! 
Q: Why do dogs make such poor gamblers?  A: When they get a good hand at poker, they wag their tails. 
You know you're getting old when the "peeping tom" leaves a note saying: “PLEASE PULL THE BLINDS".  
Q: Why was Adam the happiest man ever lived? A:  Because he was the only man without a mother-in-law. 
One day, Murphy and O'Brien went deer hunting in the woods. They sit in the woods for hours, when suddenly this humongous buck comes into view. With a nice clean shot, O'Brien bangs the buck. They drag it back to camp by the butt, but the antlers keep getting stuck. Another hunter says, "You guys should drag it by the antlers. It won't get stuck." They do, and Murphy yells, "Hey, he was right. He is not getting stuck." O'Brien replies, "Yeah, but we're getting farther away from camp."
There was a guy who had a job as a vacuum designer. One day, when he came to work, he told his coworker about how his girlfriend has dumped him. "This sucks!" he says. His coworker replies, "well, that's the general idea."
The Army has been experimenting for years to come up with a liquid that will eat through anything and they finally did it.  It eats through glass, stainless steel, iron,and all kinds of metal, rock and granite.  Now if they could only find something to put it in.
15 things we wouldn’t know if it wasn’t for the movies  1. The ventilation system of any building is the perfect hiding place. No one will ever think of looking for you in there, and you can travel to any other part of the building you want without difficulty. 2. You're very likely to survive any battle in any war unless you make the mistake of showing someone a picture of your sweetheart back home. 3. Should you wish to pass yourself off as a German officer, it is not necessary to speak the language. A German accent will do. 4. A man will show no pain while taking the most ferocious beating but will wince when a woman tries to clean his wounds. 5. If staying in a haunted house, women must investigate any strange noises in their most diaphanous underwear, which is just what they happened to be carrying with them at the time the car broke down. 6. If a large pane of glass is visible, someone will be thrown through it before long. 7. If someone says, "I'll be right back", they won't. 8. Computer monitors never display a cursor on screen but always say:  Enter Password Now. 9. It is not necessary to say hello or goodbye when beginning or ending phone conversations. And none of your friends have to knock when they come for a visit. 10. Even when driving down a perfectly straight road, it is necessary to turn the steering wheel vigorously from left to right every few moments. 11. All bombs are fitted with electronic timing devices with large red readouts so you know exactly when they're going to go off. 12. A detective can only solve a case once he has been suspended from duty. 13. If you decide to start dancing in the street everyone around you will automatically be able to mirror all the steps you come up with and hear the music in your head. 14. Police departments give their officers personality tests to make sure they are deliberately assigned a partner who is their total opposite.  And last but not least  15. When they are alone, all foreigners prefer to speak English to each other. 
A Hamster, a Cat and a Dog all live in the same house.  The Hamster decided she wanted to go on a journey, so she packed a bag and put on her favorite hat and started on her way.  The Cat noticed the Hamster was preparing to leave so she decided since there wouldn't be anyone to chase she would follow just far enough behind the hamster as to not tip her off.  She packed a bag and put on her favorite sweater.  Then waited for the hamster to be just far enough away.  Then she followed.  The Dog noticed the Cat was leaving he didn't want to be left alone with no one there to chase.  So packed what he could carry in a small bag and grabbed his favorite chew toy.  Then waited just long enough for the Cat to get a little further away and then followed just far enough behind as to not tip off the Cat.  Then as the Dog was following the Cat and the Cat was following the Hamster the local animal control caught the Dog and the Cat.  While the Hamster looked on with a big grin from ear to ear.
An ardent preacher used to start the day only after reading the first verse he read from the cut open Bible and used it as God's daily message to him. One day as usual he cut opened the bible and read the verse  “he went and hanged himself’” not fair, he told himself and cut opened the bible and read another verse, “you go and do the same.”
Knock, Knock Who's There? Jose Jose who? Jose can you see... 
At a bar, one patron to another: “Excuse me but I think you owe me a drink.”  Why? “You’re so ugly that I dropped mine when I saw you” 
One day, Murphy and O'Brien went deer hunting in the woods. They sit in the woods for hours, when suddenly this humongous buck comes into view. With a nice clean shot, O'Brien bangs the buck. They drag it back to camp by the butt, but the antlers keep getting stuck. Another hunter says, "You guys should drag it by the antlers. It won't get stuck." They do, and Murphy yells, "Hey, he was right. He is not getting stuck." O'Brien replies, "Yeah, but we're getting farther away from camp."
Q: Why was Adam the happiest man ever lived? A:  Because he was the only man without a mother-in-law. 
"Waiter! Waiter!" said a guy in a restaurant. 5-55 minutes later. "Waiter! Waiter!" said the guy.  In the kitchen,  "Someone is calling you, sir," said the cook to the waiter. "I know. I'm waiting," said the waiter.
Q: Why was the guys fee free? A: Because he added an "r"
A Japanese soap manufacturing company received a complaint that a consumer had bought a box of soap that was empty. Management tasked its engineers to solve the problem permanently to avoid any reoccurrence. The engineers worked hard to devise an X-ray machine with high-resolution monitors manned by two people to watch all the soapboxes that passed through the line to make sure they were not empty. No doubt, they worked hard and they worked fast. But a rank-and-file employee that was posed the same problem came out with another solution. He bought a strong industrial electric fan and pointed it at the assembly line. He switched the fan on, and as each soapbox passed the fan, it simply blew the empty boxes out of the line. 
A man rings up a Chinese and says, "do you deliver"? The man on the end of the phone says "no we do pork and chicken"! 
A famous Viking explorer returned home from a voyage and found his name missing from the town’s register.  His wife insisted on complaining to the local civic official who apologized profusely saying, " I must have taken Leif off my census."
A famous Viking explorer returned home from a voyage and found his name missing from the town’s register.  His wife insisted on complaining to the local civic official who apologized profusely saying, " I must have taken Leif off my census."
Q: What does an agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac do? A: Stay up all night and wonder if there's a DOG. 
Let me kiss your lips Let me test your teeth Let me test your tongue Don't be afraid of me  "I am pepsodent"  
“Why did you refuse to marry Bob, Lisa?” “Cause he said he’d die if I didn’t and I’m just curious…..” 
“Why does your husband always call you his Fair Lady when you’re a brunet?” “He is a bus conductor”  
“I thought you were going to marry Eddie?  You said it was love at first sight.”  “It was – it was the second and third sights that put me off him.” 
“Why did you refuse to marry Bob, Lisa?” “Cause he said he’d die if I didn’t and I’m just curious…..” 
The after dinner speaker was droning on and on and on, bring everyone to tears.  One of the guests, fighting to keep his drooping eyelids open, turned to the lady on his right and said,  “Can nothing be done to shut him up?” “If there is I’d like to know,” said the lady,  “—I’m his wife and I’ve been trying to shut him up for thirty years!” 
“I thought you were going to marry Eddie?  You said it was love at first sight.”  “It was – it was the second and third sights that put me off him.” 
“Why does your husband always call you his Fair Lady when you’re a brunet?” “He is a bus conductor”  
A man consults a therapist and states, “Doc, I’m suicidal.  What should I do?”  The doctor replies, “Pay in advance.” 
Three ducks, in line, are crossing the road.  “The duck in the back says, “Quack, quack!” The duck in the front says, “Hey, I’m moving as fast as I can!” 
Why doesn’t psychotherapy work on men? “They don’t have to go back to their childhood.” 
A man is complaining to a friend:  “I had it all, money, a beautiful house, a nice car, a great motorcycle, the love of a beautiful woman.  Then it was all gone!”  “What happened?” asks the friend.  “My wife found out!” replied the man. 
What is the difference between a woman and a battery?  A battery always has a 'positive' side. 
Three ducks, in line, are crossing the road.  “The duck in the back says, “Quack, quack!” The duck in the front says, “Hey, I’m moving as fast as I can!” 
Scientist revealed that beer contains small traces of female hormones.  To prove their theory, they fed 100 men 12 pints of beer and observed that 100 percent of them gained weight, talked incessantly without making sense, and couldn’t drive.   “No further testing is planned. 
A man is complaining to a friend:  “I had it all, money, a beautiful house, a nice car, a great motorcycle, the love of a beautiful woman.  Then it was all gone!”  “What happened?” asks the friend.  “My wife found out!” replied the man. 
An old man walks into a bar, sits down, and starts crying. The bartender asks,  “What’s wrong?”  The old man looks at the bartender through  Teary eyes and between sobs says, “I married a beautiful woman two days ago.  She’s a natural blonde, twenty-five, intelligent, a marvelous cook, a meticulous housekeeper, Extremely sensitive to my wants and needs, very giving, my best friend, and intensely passionate in bed.”  The bartender stares at the old man for a brief moment and says,  “But that sounds great!  You have what every man wants in a woman, so why are crying?”  The old man looks at the bartender and says,  “I can’t remember where I live!”  
A man consults a therapist and states, “Doc, I’m suicidal.  What should I do?”  The doctor replies, “Pay in advance.” 
An old man walks into a bar, sits down, and starts crying. The bartender asks,  “What’s wrong?”  The old man looks at the bartender through  Teary eyes and between sobs says, “I married a beautiful woman two days ago.  She’s a natural blonde, twenty-five, intelligent, a marvelous cook, a meticulous housekeeper, Extremely sensitive to my wants and needs, very giving, my best friend, and intensely passionate in bed.”  The bartender stares at the old man for a brief moment and says,  “But that sounds great!  You have what every man wants in a woman, so why are crying?”  The old man looks at the bartender and says,  “I can’t remember where I live!”  
What is the difference between a woman and a battery?  “A battery always has a positive side.” 
Why doesn’t psychotherapy work on men? “They don’t have to go back to their childhood.” 
Scientist revealed that beer contains small traces of female hormones.  To prove their theory, they fed 100 men 12 pints of beer and observed that 100 percent of them gained weight, talked incessantly without making sense, and couldn’t drive.   “No further testing is planned. 
What did the moon say to the sun?  So big and cant come out at night! 
Teacher: "Which is more important to us, the sun or the moon?" Pupil: "The moon." Teacher: "Why?" Pupil: "The moon gives us light at night when we need it but the sun gives us light only in the day time when we don't need it."
Patient: "What are the chances of my recovering doctor?" Doctor: "One hundred percent. Medical records show that nine out of ten people die of the disease you have. "Yours is the tenth case I've treated; the others all died."
Husband and wife were in the midst of a violent quarrel, and hubby was losing his temper. "Be careful," he said to his wife. "You will bring out the animal in me."  "So what?" his wife shot back. "Who is afraid of a mouse?" 
Ralph and Norris went bear hunting in Montana. While Ralph stayed in the cabin, Norris went out looking for a bear. He soon found a huge bear, shot at it but only wounded it. The enraged bear charged toward him. His rifle jammed, so he dropped it and started running for the cabin as fast as he could.  Now Norris was pretty fleet of foot, but the bear was just a little faster and gained on him with every step. Just as Norris reached the open cabin door, he tripped and fell flat. Too close behind to stop, the bear tripped over him and went rolling into the cabin.  Norris man jumped up, closed the cabin door and yelled to his friend inside, "You skin this one while I go and get another!"
An elderly couple is getting ready for bed. She says Oh I am just so hungry for ice cream and there isn't any in the house." He says, “I’ll go get some." She says, "Vanilla with chocolate sauce, with whipped cream on top and a cherry." She adds, "Please write it down, I know you'll forget." He says, “I won't forget; Vanilla with chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and a cherry." Away he goes. Hours later he comes back and hands her a paper bag. "In it is a "HAM SANDWICH". She says,” I told you to write it down! You forgot the mustard." 
Dad: Hey son what is 2 x 2? Son: A tie Dad: Ok, what is 2 x 1? Son: An offer 
Ralph and Norris went bear hunting in Montana. While Ralph stayed in the cabin, Norris went out looking for a bear. He soon found a huge bear, shot at it but only wounded it. The enraged bear charged toward him. His rifle jammed, so he dropped it and started running for the cabin as fast as he could.  Now Norris was pretty fleet of foot, but the bear was just a little faster and gained on him with every step. Just as Norris reached the open cabin door, he tripped and fell flat. Too close behind to stop, the bear tripped over him and went rolling into the cabin.  Norris man jumped up, closed the cabin door and yelled to his friend inside, "You skin this one while I go and get another!"
A cannibal entered the meat market to buy something nice for dinner. The owner greeted him and told him to look around. The cannibal began to inspect the meat case and noticed the market specialized in brain.  Upon further inspection he noticed a marked disparity between the costs of brain meats. A carpenter's brain sells for $1.50 per pound. A plumber's brain sells for $2.25 per pound. He noticed with alarm that a politician's brain sells for $375.00 a pound. With not a little curiosity he asked the owner why the huge difference in price between the similar meats.  The owner responded with a deadpan look on his face, "Do you realize how many politicians it takes to get a pound of brains?" 
A blonde walks into a store that makes curtains. She says to the clerk, "I would like curtains the size of my computer screen. The clerk says, "Why the size of you computer screen?" The woman replies, "Because I've got windows!"
Dad: Hey son what is 2 x 2? Son: A tie Dad: Ok, what is 2 x 1? Son: An offer 
What did the moon say to the sun?  So big and cant come out at night! 
Husband is reading the news paper.... wife comes in and says "honey I love you so much" and then she says “honey I wish I would be a newspaper so that you always hold me in your arms " Husband replied, "I also wish that so that I can change you every day like that newspaper" 
I see said the blind man to his deaf wife, over a disconnected telephone in a dark room, looking for a black cat that wasn't even there.
Patient: Doctor, doctor I think I swallowed a spoon! Doctor: Just sit patiently and try not to stir 
An elderly couple is getting ready for bed. She says Oh I am just so hungry for ice cream and there isn't any in the house." He says, “I’ll go get some." She says, "Vanilla with chocolate sauce, with whipped cream on top and a cherry." She adds, "Please write it down, I know you'll forget." He says, “I won't forget; Vanilla with chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and a cherry." Away he goes. Hours later he comes back and hands her a paper bag. "In it is a "HAM SANDWICH". She says,” I told you to write it down! You forgot the mustard." 
Two young skunks named -In-and-Out go out to play. after a while Out got bored so he went in. Mummy skunk said that tea was ready and sent Out, out to tell In to come in. very quickly Out came in with In. That was quick said mummy skunk how did you find In so fast? Oh said Out that was easy.  “IN STINKED.” 
These are from a book called Disorder in the Court, and are  things people actually said in court, word for word, taken down and  now published by  court reporters - who had the torment of staying calm while  these exchanges were actually taking place.   Q: What is your date of birth?  A: July 15th.  Q: What year?  A: Every year.  Q: How old is your son, the one living with you?  A: Thirty-eight or thirty-five, I can't remember which.  Q: How long has he lived with you?  A: Forty-five years.  _________________________________  Q: What was the first thing your husband said to you when he  woke up that morning?  A: He said, "Where am I, Cathy?"  Q: And why did that upset you?  A: My name is Susan.  _________________________________    Q: How was your first marriage terminated?  A: By death. __________________________________    Q: Is your appearance here this morning pursuant to a  deposition notice which I sent to your attorney?  A: No, this is how I dress when I go to work.  __________________________________    Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for  a pulse?  A: No.  Q: Did you check for blood pressure?  A: No.  Q: Did you check for breathing?  A: No.  Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you  began the autopsy?  A: No.  Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?  A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.  Q: But could the patient have still been alive, nevertheless?  A: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law. 
A Texan is visiting Australia for the first time; He sees a sheep and starts laughing; he says to his Australian guide " oh, at home in Texas, sheep are twice as big!" He then sees a cow ands bursts " Puff, in Texas, our cows are much, much bigger!" And suddenly, he sees a kangaroo and asks, "What's that?" the guide answers " oh, that's just a grasshopper...”
The best part about owning a restaurant for cats is the your customers don’t complain when they get hair in their food.
Never say anything bad about a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes.  By then he’s a mile away, you have got his shoes, and your can say whatever you want to.
Why do hummingbirds hum?  “Because they can't remember the words!" 
Did you hear about the skunk that went to church?  “He had his own pew.” 
Police officer: I'm sorry sir, but you will have to come with me. Driver: Why? Police officer: You were driving at 120 miles per hour! Driver: But I have only been in my car for 15 minutes! 
A man who was born with no arms wished to seek employment.  Fearing nobody would want to hire him with his obvious disability, he thought he'd answer a help wanted sign he saw posted at his church.  He rang the bell at the rectory and when the pastor opened the door he was moved with pity.  He asked, "What can I do for you, my son?"  The man said I've come to answer your help wanted ad.  The pastor became concerned and said that ad is for a bell ringer.  He stammered that he didn't think he'd be able to handle the job.  The man pleaded and said won't you give me a chance so I can show you what I'm capable of?  The pastor relented and hired him.  The time came when the church bell had to be rung.  The man made his way under the bell, took a running start and threw his body against the bell which resulted in a booming "BONNGGGG" as soon as the vibrations subsided, he took another running start and threw his body into the other side of the bell with the expected result of "BONNNGG"  . . . and so it went.  Now our armless friend was at the job for several months to the delight of the pastor.  One day the guy was running late and in his haste he ran up to the belfry and got his running leap at the bell without first getting under the bell.  As he ran right off the side of the tower he screamed.  Everyone from within the church filed out and just stared.  Finally somebody said "poor fellow, does anybody knows who he is?"  To which came the answer from someone in the back . . . "I don't know his name, but his face sure rings a bell."
I intend to live forever – so far, so good.
How does the man on the moon get his hair cut?   “ Eclipse it.” 
He who hesitates is probably right.
What is the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence?  I don’t know and I don’t care one way or the other. 
He is not quiet; he is conversational minimalist.
The individual is not short and wide; the individual is anatomically compact.
Did you hear about the snail that got beat up by two turtles? At the police station they asked him, “Did you get a good look at the turtles that did this? He said,  “No, it all happened so fast.”  
Why can’t you have two elephants in your swimming pool at the same time?   Because they’d only have one pair of trunks. 
I always wanted to be somebody, but I guess I should have been more specific.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
He does not eat like a pig; he suffers from reverse bulimia
Age doesn’t always bring wisdom.  “Sometimes age comes alone”
Ham and eggs: a day’s work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
Did you know my wife went to a self-help group for compulsive talkers? It’s called On and On Anon. 
I’m reading an incredibly interesting book about antigravity.   “I just can’t put it down.”  
Why can’t you have two elephants in your swimming pool at the same time?   Because they’d only have one pair of trunks. 
Did you hear about the snail that got beat up by two turtles? At the police station they asked him, “Did you get a good look at the turtles that did this? He said,  “No, it all happened so fast.”  
Why do hummingbirds hum?  “Because they can't remember the words!" 
Did you hear about the skunk that went to church?  “He had his own pew.” 
How does the man on the moon get his hair cut?   “ Eclipse it.” 
I intend to live forever – so far, so good.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I guess I should have been more specific.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
He who hesitates is probably right.
He is not quiet; he is conversational minimalist.
The individual is not short and wide; the individual is anatomically compact.
He does not eat like a pig; he suffers from reverse bulimia
Age doesn’t always bring wisdom.  “Sometimes age comes alone”
Ham and eggs: a day’s work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
"If you are going to try cross-country skiing, start with a small country."
Did you know my wife went to a self-help group for compulsive talkers? It’s called On and On Anon. 
I’m reading an incredibly interesting book about antigravity.   “I just can’t put it down.”  
The best part about owning a restaurant for cats is the your customers don’t complain when they get hair in their food.
Never say anything bad about a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes.  By then he’s a mile away, you have got his shoes, and your can say whatever you want to.
A French guest, staying in a hotel, called room service for some pepper.  "Black pepper, or white pepper?" asked the concierge.  "Toilette pepper, please!"
After every flight, pilots fill out a form called a gripe sheet, which conveys to the mechanics problems encountered with the aircraft during the flight that need repair or correction. The mechanics read and correct the problem, and then respond in writing on the lower half of the form what remedial action was taken, and the pilot reviews the gripe sheets before the next flight. Never let it be said that ground crews and engineers lack a sense of humor! Here are some actual logged maintenance complaints and problems as submitted by Qantas pilots and the solution recorded by maintenance engineers.  (P = the problem logged by the pilot.) (S = the solution and action taken by the engineers.)  P: Left inside main tire almost needs replacement. S: Almost replaced left inside main tire.  P: Test flight OK, except auto-land very rough. S: Auto-land not installed on this aircraft.  P: Something loose in cockpit. S: Something tightened in cockpit.  P: Dead bugs on windshield. S: Live bugs on back-order.  P: Autopilot in altitude-hold mode produces a 200 feet per minute descent. S: Cannot reproduce problem on ground.  P: Evidence of leak on right main landing gear. S: Evidence removed.  P: DME volume unbelievably loud. S: DME volume set to more believable level.  P: Friction locks cause throttle levers to stick. S: That's what they're there for.  P: IFF inoperative. S: IFF always inoperative in OFF mode.  P: Suspected crack in windshield. S: Suspect you're right.  P: Number 3 engine missing. S: Engine found on right wing after brief search.  P: Aircraft handles funny. S: Aircraft warned to straighten up, fly right, and be serious.  P: Target radar hums. S: Reprogrammed target radar with lyrics.  P: Mouse in cockpit. S: Cat installed.  
Lead me not into temptation  -- I can find the way myself.
Do you know why Noah didn’t fish very often?  He only had two worms. 
“Hi? Is this the mental hospital?”    “Yes, it is.”   “Can I speak to Mr. Scott in room ten?   “One moment and I’ll connect you ….  I’m sorry, Mr. Scott in not answering.”   “Good.  That means I must have really escaped.” 
Doctor:  What’s wrong with your bother? Boy:  He thinks he is a chicken. Doctor: really?  How long has this been going on? Boy:  Five years. Doctor:  Five years! Boy: We would have brought him in earlier, but we needed the eggs. 
A man walks into the psychiatrist’s office with a zucchini up his nose, a cucumber in his left ear, and a breadstick in his right ear.    He says, “Doctor, what is wrong with me?"  The psychiatrist replies, “You are not eating properly.” 
An eight-year-old kid says to his dad, “When I grow up, I want to be a musician.” The dad says, “I am sorry  -- can’t have it both ways.” 
What did the hot dog say when he crossed the finish line?  I’m the wiener! 
An eight-year-old kid says to his dad, “When I grow up, I want to be a musician.” The dad says, “I am sorry  -- can’t have it both ways.” 
Lead me not into temptation  -- I can find the way myself.
Do you know why Noah didn’t fish very often?  He only had two worms. 
What do you say to a hitchhiker with one leg?  Hop in 
Why did the cannibal eat the tightrope walker?  He wanted a balanced meal. 
The best part about computers is that they make very fast, specific mistakes.
A software expert claims: “My software never has bugs  -- it just develops random features.”
The best part about computers is that they make very fast, specific mistakes.
A software expert claims: “My software never has bugs  -- it just develops random features.”
Why did the cannibal eat the tightrope walker?  He wanted a balanced meal. 
What did the hot dog say when he crossed the finish line?  I’m the wiener! 
What do you say to a hitchhiker with one leg?  Hop in 
“Hi? Is this the mental hospital?”    “Yes, it is.”   “Can I speak to Mr. Scott in room ten?   “One moment and I’ll connect you ….  I’m sorry, Mr. Scott in not answering.”   “Good.  That means I must have really escaped.” 
Doctor:  What’s wrong with your bother? Boy:  He thinks he is a chicken. Doctor: really?  How long has this been going on? Boy:  Five years. Doctor:  Five years! Boy: We would have brought him in earlier, but we needed the eggs. 
A man walks into the psychiatrist’s office with a zucchini up his nose, a cucumber in his left ear, and a breadstick in his right ear.  He says,  “What is wrong with me? The psychiatrist replies,  “You are not eating properly.” 
A French man nearly got away with stealing a number of paintings from the Louvre. However, after planning the robbery and getting in and out and past security, he was captured only three blocks away when his Econoline ran out of gas.  When asked how he could mastermind such a crime and then make such an obvious error, he replied, “I had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh.” 
A Skeleton walks into a bar and says,  “Give me a beer and give me a mop.” 
A young guy at a bar: “Hey, bartender. Pour me a cold one.” “Hey, go on, kid, you wanna get me in trouble?” “Maybe later.  Right now I just wanna a beer.”  
An antartian walks into a bar down south around Christmastime; and there’s a little nativity scene on the bar.  And the guy says, “That’s a nice nativity scene.  But how come the three wise men are wearing firemen’s hats?”  And the bartender says,  “Well, it says right there in the Bible…. The three wise men came from a fire.”
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer, is he?
His antenna doesn’t pick up all the channels.
I’d explain it to you but your brain would explode.
Waiter:  And how did you find your steak, sir? Customer:  Well, I just pushed aside a bean and there it was! 
A guy walks into a bar with a chunk of asphalt under his arm and says, “I’d like a beer please, and one for the road.” 
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? A: To win the no-bell prize. 
I like your approach… let’s see your departure.
When I’m not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded
A man at a restaurant asks the waiter, “How do you prepare your chickens? The waiter replies, “Nothing special.  We just tell’em they’re gonna die.” 
A man at a restaurant asks the waiter, “How do you prepare your chickens? The waiter replies, “Nothing special.  We just tell’em they’re gonna die.” 
His antenna doesn’t pick up all the channels.
I’d explain it to you but your brain would explode.
A guy walks into a bar with a chunk of asphalt under his arm and says, “I’d like a beer please, and one for the road.” 
A French man nearly got away with stealing a number of paintings from the Louvre. However, after planning the robbery and getting in and out and past security, he was captured only three blocks away when his Econoline ran out of gas.  When asked how he could mastermind such a crime and then make such an obvious error, he replied, “I had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh.” 
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? A: To win the no-bell prize. 
I like your approach… let’s see your departure.
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer, is he?
A Skeleton walks into a bar and says,  “Give me a beer and give me a mop.” 
A young guy at a bar: “Hey, bartender. Pour me a cold one.” “Hey, go on, kid, you wanna get me in trouble?” “Maybe later.  Right now I just wanna a beer.”  
An antartian walks into a bar down south around Christmastime; and there’s a little nativity scene on the bar.  And the guy says, “That’s a nice nativity scene.  But how come the three wise men are wearing firemen’s hats?”  And the bartender says,  “Well, it says right there in the Bible…. The three wise men came from a fire.”
When I’m not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded
After the christening of his baby brother in church, Jason sobbed all the way home in the back seat of the car, his father asked him three times what was wrong. Finally, the boy replied, "That preacher said he wanted us brought up in a Christian home and I wanted to stay with you guys." 
What’s wrong, Doctor?  You look puzzled.” “I can’t figure out exactly what’s wrong with you.  I think it’s the result of heavy drinking.” “Well then, I’ll just come back when you’re sober.” 
A Texas rancher was driving through Mexico and stopped at the edge of the road to admire the scenery and a white beautiful horse caught his eye.  The horse looked healthy well kept and was in a separate corral.  Just for tries the Texan asked one of the workers if the horse was for sale.  The worker trying to communicate said “No, no, he no look to good.”  The Texan was not satisfied with the answered because he saw that the animal looked great and insisted on buying it, after a few arguments the worker arranged for the sale and the Texan took the horse back to his ranch. He rode the horse through his ranch and galloped to the barn when suddenly the horse ran right into the barn wall. Frustrated the Texan takes the horse back to Mexico and talks to the worker that sold him the horse and explains what happened.  The worker said, “I told you he no look to good”
A customer comes into a computer store.“I’m looking for a mystery adventure game with lots of graphics.  You know, something really challenging.” After a while the clerk replied, “have you tried Windows 2000?” 
A man wrote a letter to the IRS:  “I have been unable to sleep knowing that I have cheated on my income tax. I understated my taxable income and have enclosed a check for $200.00.  If I still can’t sleep, I will send the rest.”
Q: Why was astrology invented? A: So economics could be an accurate science.
“Doctor, you told me I have a month to live and then you sent me a bill for  $1,000!  I can’t pay that before the end of the month!” “Okay, you have six months to live.”  
What’s wrong, Doctor?  You look puzzled.” “I can’t figure out exactly what’s wrong with you.  I think it’s the result of heavy drinking.” “Well then, I’ll just come back when you’re sober.” 
Q.  Why do University of Michigan graduates hang their diplomas from their rear view mirror? A.  So they can use handicapped parking.
What kind of make up was the girl wearing on Halloween? Mash-scara! 
Q. What is pink and fluffy? A. Pink Fluff Q. Whats purple and fluffy? A. Pink fluff holding it's breath.
Q: Why was astrology invented? A: So economics could be an accurate science.
“Doctor, you told me I have a month to live and then you sent me a bill for  $1,000!  I can’t pay that before the end of the month!” “Okay, you have six months to live.”  
A customer comes into a computer store.“I’m looking for a mystery adventure game with lots of graphics.  You know, something really challenging.” After a while the clerk replied, “have you tried Windows 2000?” 
A Texas rancher was driving through Mexico and stopped at the edge of the road to admire the scenery and a white beautiful horse caught his eye.  The horse looked healthy well kept and was in a separate corral.  Just for tries the Texan asked one of the workers if the horse was for sale.  The worker trying to communicate said “No, no, he no look to good.”  The Texan was not satisfied with the answered because he saw that the animal looked great and insisted on buying it, after a few arguments the worker arranged for the sale and the Texan took the horse back to his ranch. He rode the horse through his ranch and galloped to the barn when suddenly the horse ran right into the barn wall. Frustrated the Texan takes the horse back to Mexico and talks to the worker that sold him the horse and explains what happened.  The worker said, “I told you he no look to good”
Q.  Why do University of Michigan graduates hang their diplomas from their rear view mirror? A.  So they can use handicapped parking.
What kind of make up was the girl wearing on Halloween? Mash-scara! 
Q: How do you know an Antartian has been using the computer? A: There is White-Out on the screen.
Q: Why couldn’t the cat speak?  A: The dog taped his mouth. 
Q: What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common?  A: They're married.    
A man was telling his neighbor, “I just bought a new hearing aid. It cost me four thousand dollars, but it’s state of the art.  It’s perfect.” “Really,” answered the neighbor.  “What kind is it?” “Twelve thirty” 
Maurice an 82 year-old man went to the doctor for his physical. A few days later the doctor saw Maurice walking down the street with a gorgeous young lady on his arm. A couple of days later do doctor spoke to Maurice and said,  “You’re really dong great, aren’t you?” Maurice replied, “Just doing what you said, Doc: “Get a hot mamma and be cheerful.” The doctor said, “I did not say that.  I said, “You got a heart murmur. Be careful.”  
Q: How does a man show that he is planning for the future?  A: He buys two cases of beer.  
FINE   This is the word women use to end an argument when they feel they are right and you need to shut up. Never use "fine" to describe how a woman looks - this will cause you to have one of those arguments.     FIVE MINUTES   This is half an hour. It is equivalent to the five minutes that your football game is going to last before you take out the trash, so it's an even trade.     NOTHING   This means "something," and you should be on your toes. "Nothing" is usually used to describe the feeling a woman has of wanting to turn you inside out, upside down, and backwards. "Nothing" usually signifies an argument that will last "Five Minutes" and end with "Fine"     GO AHEAD (With Raised Eyebrows)   This is a dare. One that will result in a woman getting upset over "Nothing" and will end with the word "Fine"     GO AHEAD (Normal Eyebrows)   This means "I give up" or "do what you want because I don't care" You will get a "Raised Eyebrow Go Ahead" in just a few minutes, followed by "Nothing" and "Fine" and she will talk to you in about "Five Minutes" when she cools off.     LOUD SIGH   This is not actually a word, but is a non-verbal statement often misunderstood by men. A "Loud Sigh" means she thinks you are an idiot at that moment, and wonders why she is wasting her time standing here and arguing with you over "Nothing"     SOFT SIGH   Again, not a word, but a non-verbal statement. "Soft Sighs" mean that she is content. Your best bet is to not move or breathe, and she will stay content.     THAT'S OKAY   This is one of the most dangerous statements that a woman can make to a man. "That's Okay" means that she wants to think long and hard before paying you back for whatever it is that you have done. "That's Okay" is often used with the word "Fine" and in conjunction with a "Raised Eyebrow."     GO AHEAD!   At some point in the near future, you are going to be in some mighty big trouble.     PLEASE DO   This is not a statement, it is an offer. A woman is giving you the chance to come up with whatever excuse or reason you have for doing whatever it is that you have done. You have a fair chance with the truth, so be careful and you shouldn't get a "That's Okay"     THANKS   A woman is thanking you. Do not faint. Just say you're welcome.     THANKS A LOT   This is much different from "Thanks." A woman will say, "Thanks A Lot" when she is really ticked off at you. It signifies that you have offended her in some callous way, and will be followed by the "Loud Sigh." Be careful not to ask what is wrong after the "Loud Sigh," as she will only tell you "Nothing"   
A man was telling his neighbor, “I just bought a new hearing aid. It cost me four thousand dollars, but it’s state of the art.  It’s perfect.” “Really,” answered the neighbor.  “What kind is it?” “Twelve thirty” 
Maurice an 82 year-old man went to the doctor for his physical. A few days later the doctor saw Maurice walking down the street with a gorgeous young lady on his arm. A couple of days later do doctor spoke to Maurice and said,  “You’re really dong great, aren’t you?” Maurice replied, “Just doing what you said, Doc: “Get a hot mamma and be cheerful.” The doctor said, “I did not say that.  I said, “You got a heart murmur. Be careful.”  
Three old pilots are walking on the ramp.  First one says,  “Windy, isn’t it?” Second says, “No, its Thursday!” Third one says, “So am I.  Lest go get a beer.” 
Three old pilots are walking on the ramp.  First one says,  “Windy, isn’t it?” Second says, “No, its Thursday!” Third one says, “So am I.  Lest go get a beer.” 
FINE   This is the word women use to end an argument when they feel they are right and you need to shut up. Never use "fine" to describe how a woman looks - this will cause you to have one of those arguments.     FIVE MINUTES   This is half an hour. It is equivalent to the five minutes that your football game is going to last before you take out the trash, so it's an even trade.     NOTHING   This means "something," and you should be on your toes. "Nothing" is usually used to describe the feeling a woman has of wanting to turn you inside out, upside down, and backwards. "Nothing" usually signifies an argument that will last "Five Minutes" and end with "Fine"     GO AHEAD (With Raised Eyebrows)   This is a dare. One that will result in a woman getting upset over "Nothing" and will end with the word "Fine"     GO AHEAD (Normal Eyebrows)   This means "I give up" or "do what you want because I don't care" You will get a "Raised Eyebrow Go Ahead" in just a few minutes, followed by "Nothing" and "Fine" and she will talk to you in about "Five Minutes" when she cools off.     LOUD SIGH   This is not actually a word, but is a non-verbal statement often misunderstood by men. A "Loud Sigh" means she thinks you are an idiot at that moment, and wonders why she is wasting her time standing here and arguing with you over "Nothing"     SOFT SIGH   Again, not a word, but a non-verbal statement. "Soft Sighs" mean that she is content. Your best bet is to not move or breathe, and she will stay content.     THAT'S OKAY   This is one of the most dangerous statements that a woman can make to a man. "That's Okay" means that she wants to think long and hard before paying you back for whatever it is that you have done. "That's Okay" is often used with the word "Fine" and in conjunction with a "Raised Eyebrow."     GO AHEAD!   At some point in the near future, you are going to be in some mighty big trouble.     PLEASE DO   This is not a statement, it is an offer. A woman is giving you the chance to come up with whatever excuse or reason you have for doing whatever it is that you have done. You have a fair chance with the truth, so be careful and you shouldn't get a "That's Okay"     THANKS   A woman is thanking you. Do not faint. Just say you're welcome.     THANKS A LOT   This is much different from "Thanks." A woman will say, "Thanks A Lot" when she is really ticked off at you. It signifies that you have offended her in some callous way, and will be followed by the "Loud Sigh." Be careful not to ask what is wrong after the "Loud Sigh," as she will only tell you "Nothing"   
Q: What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common?  A: They're married.    
Q: How does a man show that he is planning for the future?  A: He buys two cases of beer.  
Computers can never replace humans.  They may become capable of artificial intelligence, but they will never master real stupidity.
Q: What is a programmer? A: Someone who solves a problem you didn’t know you had in a way     You do not understand. 
Patient:  Doctor I have a sore throat, I ache, and have a fever. Doctor:  Sounds like some kind of virus. Patient: Everyone in the office has it. Doctor:  Well then, maybe it’s a staff infection 
Wife:  Let’s go out and have some fun tonight. Husband:  Okay, but if you get home before I do, leave the hall light on. 
Mrs. Smith, I ain’t got no crayons. Young man, you mean, I don’t have any crayons. You don’t have any crayons.  We don’t have any crayons. They don’t have any crayons.   Do you see what I’m getting at? I think so.  What happened to all the crayons? 
The old accountant retired after forty years, and on the top drawer of his desk they found a note that said:  “debits in the columns toward the file cabinet.  Credits in the column toward the window.”
Hey buddy.  How late does the band play? About half a beat behind the drummer. 
A saxophone is like a lawsuit. Everyone is happy when the case is closed. 
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs 
One day the bass player hid one of the drummer’s sticks. The drummer said,  “finally! After being a drummer for so long,  now I am a conductor!"  
How does a guitar player make a million dollars? He starts out with eight million. 
Why do bands have bass players? To translate for the drummer. 
One day the bass player hid one of the drummer’s sticks. The drummer said,  “finally! After being a drummer for so long,  now I am a conductor!"  
How does a guitar player make a million dollars? He starts out with eight million. 
Why do bands have bass players? To translate for the drummer. 
Computers can never replace humans.  They may become capable of artificial intelligence, but they will never master real stupidity.
A state trooper is driving down the highway when he sees a truck driver pull over,  walk to the side of the truck with a tire jack, bang on the side of the truck a few times, and then drive away.  A couple of miles down the road the driver does the same thing. A few more miles, same thing.  The trooper pulls the truck over and asks the driver to explain.  The driver says,  “Well, the load limit is ten tons, and I’m carrying fifteen tons of parakeets, so I’ve got to keep some of them flying around.” 
Hey buddy.  How late does the band play? About half a beat behind the drummer. 
A saxophone is like a lawsuit. Everyone is happy when the case is closed. 
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs 
Q: What is a programmer? A: Someone who solves a problem you didn’t know you had in a way     You do not understand. 
Wife:  Let’s go out and have some fun tonight. Husband:  Okay, but if you get home before I do, leave the hall light on. 
Patient:  Doctor I have a sore throat, I ache, and have a fever. Doctor:  Sounds like some kind of virus. Patient: Everyone in the office has it. Doctor:  Well then, maybe it’s a staff infection 
Patient:  Nurse, I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes.  Nurse:  Have you seen a doctor?  Patient: No, just spots. 
Mrs. Smith, I ain’t got no crayons. Young man, you mean, I don’t have any crayons. You don’t have any crayons.  We don’t have any crayons. They don’t have any crayons.   Do you see what I’m getting at? I think so.  What happened to all the crayons? 
A state trooper is driving down the highway when he sees a truck driver pull over,  walk to the side of the truck with a tire jack, bang on the side of the truck a few times, and then drive away.  A couple of miles down the road the driver does the same thing. A few more miles, same thing.  The trooper pulls the truck over and asks the driver to explain.  The driver says,  “Well, the load limit is ten tons, and I’m carrying fifteen tons of parakeets, so I’ve got to keep some of them flying around.” 
The old accountant retired after forty years, and on the top drawer of his desk they found a note that said:  “debits in the columns toward the file cabinet.  Credits in the column toward the window.”
A couple of pigeons made a date to meet on the ledge outside the tenth floor of a skyscraper.  The female was there on time, but the male arrived an hour late.  “Where were you?  I was worried sick.” “It was such nice day, I decided to walk.”  
A young girl came home from a date looking sad.  She told her mother, “Charles proposed to me a few minutes ago.” “Then why are you so sad?” her mother asked. “Because he also mentioned he was an atheist.  Mom, he doesn’t believe there’s hell!” Her mother replied, “Marry him anyway.  Between the two of us, we’ll show him how wrong he is.” 
Son:  Dad!, Dad! I got a part in the school play! I play the husband. Dad:  Too bad they did not give a speaking role.   
Why do black widow spiders kill the males after mating?   To stop the snoring before it starts. 
One friend says to another, "Did you know that the shortest sentence in the English language is 'I am'?"  "Really?" replies the other. "What’s the longest sentence?"  “I do.” 
Why do black widow spiders kill the males after mating?   To stop the snoring before it starts. 
One friend to another:  Did you know that the shortest sentence in the English language is  “I am.” Really.  What’s the longest sentence? “I do.” 
A young man studying in a college abroad sent this SMS to his father: Dear dad, no mon, no fun, your son. The father replied: Dear son, too bad, so sad, your dad. 
TEACHER: "Can anybody give an example of COINCIDENCE?" JOHNNY: "Sir, my Mother and Father got married on the same day, same time." 
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married; then it was too late
Son:  Dad!, Dad! I got a part in the school play! I play the husband. Dad:  Too bad they did not give a speaking role.   
A young girl came home from a date looking sad.  She told her mother, “Charles proposed to me a few minutes ago.” “Then why are you so sad?” her mother asked. “Because he also mentioned he was an atheist.  Mom, he doesn’t believe there’s hell!” Her mother replied, “Marry him anyway.  Between the two of us, we’ll show him how wrong he is.” 
A couple of pigeons made a date to meet on the ledge outside the tenth floor of a skyscraper.  The female was there on time, but the male arrived an hour late.  “Where were you?  I was worried sick.” “It was such nice day, I decided to walk.”  
A guy was standing at the bottom of the stairs listening to the bells. He decided to go up and meet the ringer. So he raced up the many stairs until finally he was standing not three meters away from quazimodo.  In a soft voice he said "can I ring the bells" as the hunchback pushed his head against the bell  "No training is needed or you will be in danger"  The guy replied to this "C'mon please I'll be careful"  "Be very careful" Minutes went by and he pushed the bell with the might of his hands "Can I ring the bell with my head? “The guy asked "NO, TRAINING" "I can do it" "Ok don't say you haven't been warned" Alas on his first heave he lost balance and when the bell swung back it hit him out the window he fell down the tower to his death. Quazimodo raced down the stairs with all possible speed, when he was at the bottom a small crowd had gathered with a policeman examining the body He yelled to the crowd "Does anybody know this man?” Quazimodo then answered  "No, but his face rings a bell" 
A man, wanting to rob a downtown Bank of America, walked into the Branch and wrote "this iz a stikkup. Put all your muny in this bag." While standing in line, waiting to give his note to the teller, he began to worry that someone had seen him write the note and might call the police before he reached the teller's window. So he left the Bank of America and crossed the street to the Wells Fargo Bank. After waiting a few minutes in line, he handed his note to the Wells Fargo teller. She read it and, surmising from his spelling errors that he wasn't the brightest light in the harbor, told him that she could not accept his stickup note because it was written on a Bank of America deposit slip and that he would either have to fill out a Wells Fargo deposit slip or go back to Bank of America. Looking somewhat defeated, the man said, "OK" and left. He was arrested a few minutes later, as he was waiting in line back at Bank of America.
A motorist was unknowingly caught in an automated speed trap that measured his speed using radar and photographed his car. He later received in the mail a ticket for $40 and a photo of his car. Instead of payment, he sent the police department a photograph of $40. Several days later, he received a letter from the police that contained another picture, this time of handcuffs. He immediately mailed in his $40.
A guy walked into a little corner store with a shotgun and demanded all of the cash from the cash drawer. After the cashier put the cash in a bag, the robber saw a bottle of Scotch that he wanted, behind the counter on the shelf. He told the cashier to put it in the bag as well, but the cashier refused and said, "Because I don't believe you are over 21."The robber said he was, but the clerk still refused to give it to him because he didn't believe him. At this point, the robber took his driver's license out of his wallet and gave it to the clerk. The clerk looked it over and agreed that the man was in fact over 21 and he put the Scotch in the bag. The robber then ran from the store with his loot. The cashier promptly called the police and gave the name and address of the robber that he got off the license. They arrested the robber two hours later.  
TEACHER: Desmond, your composition on "My Dog" is exactly the  same as your brother's.    Did you copy his? DESMOND: No, teacher, it's the same dog!   
TEACHER: What do you call a person who keeps on talking when people are no longer           interested? PUPILS:  A teacher. 
Teacher: Why are you late? Student: Because, of the sign! Teacher: What sign? Student: The one that says, "School Ahead, Go Slow." 
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive- in?   He went and saw closed for the winter! 
A man, wanting to rob a downtown Bank of America, walked into the Branch and wrote "this iz a stikkup. Put all your muny in this bag." While standing in line, waiting to give his note to the teller, he began to worry that someone had seen him write the note and might call the police before he reached the teller's window. So he left the Bank of America and crossed the street to the Wells Fargo Bank. After waiting a few minutes in line, he handed his note to the Wells Fargo teller. She read it and, surmising from his spelling errors that he wasn't the brightest light in the harbor, told him that she could not accept his stickup note because it was written on a Bank of America deposit slip and that he would either have to fill out a Wells Fargo deposit slip or go back to Bank of America. Looking somewhat defeated, the man said, "OK" and left. He was arrested a few minutes later, as he was waiting in line back at Bank of America.
A motorist was unknowingly caught in an automated speed trap that measured his speed using radar and photographed his car. He later received in the mail a ticket for $40 and a photo of his car. Instead of payment, he sent the police department a photograph of $40. Several days later, he received a letter from the police that contained another picture, this time of handcuffs. He immediately mailed in his $40.
A guy walked into a little corner store with a shotgun and demanded all of the cash from the cash drawer. After the cashier put the cash in a bag, the robber saw a bottle of Scotch that he wanted, behind the counter on the shelf. He told the cashier to put it in the bag as well, but the cashier refused and said, "Because I don't believe you are over 21."The robber said he was, but the clerk still refused to give it to him because he didn't believe him. At this point, the robber took his driver's license out of his wallet and gave it to the clerk. The clerk looked it over and agreed that the man was in fact over 21 and he put the Scotch in the bag. The robber then ran from the store with his loot. The cashier promptly called the police and gave the name and address of the robber that he got off the license. They arrested the robber two hours later.  
Teacher: Cindy, why are you doing your math multiplication on the floor? Cindy: You told me to do it without using tables! 
Teacher: Today is the first day of the school, any questions? John: Yes, when will the Holidays start? 
Ladies and Gentleman I stand in front of you, to stand in back of you, to tell you something I know nothing about. Last Night in the middle of the afternoon, just before Breakfast, an Empty Garbage truck, loaded with good furniture, almost ran over a dad alley cat. We hurried to the Hospital as slow as we could, and there sat King Auther sitting in a six corner round able eating Beer with a fork. If you don't believe me ask the Blind man he saw it all................
A woman was sleeping in her bed when her husband crashing through the front door at 3 am waked her up. He staggered and tried to get up the stairs, " what are you doing" she shouted, the husband replies " I’m trying to get a gallon of beer up the stairs" "leave it down there" she bellowed "I cant" he replied " I’ve drunk it".
A woman was sleeping in her bed when her husband crashing through the front door at 3 am waked her up. He staggered and tried to get up the stairs, " what are you doing" she shouted, the husband replies " I’m trying to get a gallon of beer up the stairs" "leave it down there" she bellowed "I cant" he replied " I’ve drunk it".
Lady:(standing in the middle of a busy street) Officer, can you tell me how to get to the Hospital? Officer: Just stand where you are!!! 
Son: Daddy, have you ever been to Egypt? Father: No. Why do you ask that? Son: Well, where did you get mommy then? 
A Navy Officer was trying to make a phone call, but had no change, three Marines were approaching and the Officer asked one of them, "excuse me private do you have change for a dollar?" the private replied, "yes I do", the Navy officer said, "don't you mean no sir, now let's try this again" so the Navy Officer, asked again " private do you have change for a dollar?” The private replied, "no sir"
Examining his new will, the old man said to his attorney,  “I guess this makes my son and I sort of like football players.” “How’s that?” the lawyer asked. “Well, until I kick off, he doesn’t receive.” 
When he was finished with the bulk of the changes, Mr. Smith added yet one more stipulation to his will: that he be buried at sea. He explained, “that’s just in case my wife makes good on her threat t dance on my grave.”  
Lying on his deathbed, the wealthy Mr. Sams was instructing his attorney on last-minute changes in his will. “I wish to leave everything I own, all stocks, bonds property, art, and money, to my wife.  However, there is one stipulation.” “And that is?” “In order to inherit, she must marry within six months of my death.” The lawyer seemed puzzled.  “Why make such an unusual request?” Mr. Sams answered, “Because I want someone to be sorry I died.” 
Due to inherit a fortune when his sickly, widower father died, Charles decided he needed a woman to enjoy it with.  Going to a singles’ bar, he spotted a woman whose beauty took his breath away. “I’m jus an ordinary man,” he said, walking up to her, “but in just a week or two, my father will die and I’ll inherit 20 million dollars.” The woman went home with Charles, and the next day she became his stepmother. 
When a warming trend hit the Artic, scientists were assigned to watch glaciers in danger of splitting.  Naturally, all of the researchers had to have good ice sight.
Delighted to learn that his new wallpaper was washable, the moron was furious when the very first time he washed it, it was snatched from the clothesline.
Going to the travel agent’s office, the moron said, “I’d like a round-trip ticket, please.” “Where to?” the agent asked. “Why, back here, naturally.” 
Hearing a scream from the playroom, the mother rushed in and found her infant daughter pulling the hair of her four-year-old bother.  After separating them, the mother said to her son, “Don’t be upset with your sister, honey.  She didn’t know she was hurting you.” No sooner had the mother returned to he chores than she heard more screaming.   This time she rushed in and found the baby crying.  “Now what happened?” she asked. “Nothing,” said the boy, “except that now she knows.” 
After telling the customs agent he had nothing in his bags but clothing, Mark was alarmed when the official decided to open them up and check.  In the very first one she opened, cushioned between his socks was a bottle of cognac. “Nothing to declare but clothing, huh?” “Right,” Mark extemporized. “That, madam, is my nightcap.” 
Returning to West Point late one night, Colonel Schultz and his wife were challenged by the sentry at the gate. “Halt and identify yourself!” “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!” declared the startled woman. The sentry stepped aside. “Advance, Holy Family, to be recognized.” 
Lying on his deathbed, the wealthy Mr. Sams was instructing his attorney on last-minute changes in his will. “I wish to leave everything I own, all stocks, bonds property, art, and money, to my wife.  However, there is one stipulation.” “And that is?” “In order to inherit, she must marry within six months of my death.” The lawyer seemed puzzled.  “Why make such an unusual request?” Mr. Sams answered, “Because I want someone to be sorry I died.” 
When a warming trend hit the Artic, scientists were assigned to watch glaciers in danger of splitting.  Naturally, all of the researchers had to have good ice sight.
Due to inherit a fortune when his sickly, widower father died, Charles decided he needed a woman to enjoy it with.  Going to a singles’ bar, he spotted a woman whose beauty took his breath away. “I’m jus an ordinary man,” he said, walking up to her, “but in just a week or two, my father will die and I’ll inherit 20 million dollars.” The woman went home with Charles, and the next day she became his stepmother. 
Hearing a scream from the playroom, the mother rushed in and found her infant daughter pulling the hair of her four-year-old bother.  After separating them, the mother said to her son, “Don’t be upset with your sister, honey.  She didn’t know she was hurting you.” No sooner had the mother returned to he chores than she heard more screaming.   This time she rushed in and found the baby crying.  “Now what happened?” she asked. “Nothing,” said the boy, “except that now she knows.” 
Returning to West Point late one night, Colonel Schultz and his wife were challenged by the sentry at the gate. “Halt and identify yourself!” “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!” declared the startled woman. The sentry stepped aside. “Advance, Holy Family, to be recognized.” 
Q. How many cockroaches dose it take to screw in a light bulb? A. None cause when you turn the light on they all scatter. 
Q. What does a cow make when the sun comes out?                                   A. A shadow
Delighted to learn that his new wallpaper was washable, the moron was furious when the very first time he washed it, it was snatched from the clothesline.
Going to the travel agent’s office, the moron said, “I’d like a round-trip ticket, please.” “Where to?” the agent asked. “Why, back here, naturally.” 
Examining his new will, the old man said to his attorney,  “I guess this makes my son and I sort of like football players.” “How’s that?” the lawyer asked. “Well, until I kick off, he doesn’t receive.” 
When he was finished with the bulk of the changes, Mr. Smith added yet one more stipulation to his will: that he be buried at sea. He explained, “that’s just in case my wife makes good on her threat t dance on my grave.”  
SINGLE FEMALE seeks male companionship, ethnicity unimportant. I'm a very good looking girl who LOVES to play. I love long walks in the woods, riding in your pickup truck, hunting, camping and fishing trips, cozy winter nights lying by the fire. Candlelight dinners will have me eating out of your hand. Rub me the right way and watch me respond. I'll be at the front door when you get home from work, wearing only what nature gave me. Kiss me and I'm yours. Call ...  and ask for Daisy. Over 15,000 men found themselves talking to the owner of an 8-week old black Labrador retriever. 
Q. What does a cow make when the sun comes out?                                   A. A shadow
A hat said to the coat on the coat rack, "You stay here, I'll go on ahead."
Teacher: " George Washington not only chopped down his father's Cherry tree, but also admitted doing it.  Now do you know why his father didn't punish him?"  One Student: " Because George still had the axe in is hand." 
Mr. R.B. Jones applied for a position with the government and was accepted.  On his first day the personnel dept processed his records. When asked what the R.B. stood for he informed the clerk that they stood for nothing. His parents had named him with the initials only. The clerk informed him that his records could not show initials only so they typed his name as R. (only) B. (only) Jones. He got his first paycheck made out to Ronly Bonly Jones! 
A guy walks in to the Barbershop. Barber says, "What will it be today?" Guy says, "well I want it going with my waves on top, faded on one side, plug the other, and just make it all out of shape and messed up." Barber says, "Now why in the world do you want your hair cut like that."  Guy says, "That’s how you cut it last time" 
 A young man tutored his sweetheart maths, he thought of it as his mission, he kissed her once then once again and said "There, that's addition!" She took it upon herself to return the pleasant action, she kissed once and once again, smiled and said "and that's subtraction!" Now she'd learned the basics without too much complication, they kissed each other once, then twice, and said "that must be multiplication!" Meanwhile the young lady's father had this 'lesson' in his vision, he kicked that boy ten foot out the door and said "Then that is long division!" 
When the maintenance men removed the 10 Commandments from the courthouse, nobody said anything - until the statue fell off the dolly and cracked a little.  Everybody yelled, "Run!"
A man goes to his doctor and says " Hi doc, remember me "? ' No, but what can I do for you? "  "You know doc, I came to you two years ago. You said I had pneumonia, gave me some medicine and advised me to not to have a bath "  " So? "  " Well I'm fine now, thanks. I just wanted to know, can I have a bath now?" 
Waking into the lingerie store, the hard-of-hearing customer says to the clerk, “I’d like to buy a pair of stockings for my wife. The clerk says, “Sheer?” And the man replies “No.  She is in another store.”  
After leaving the racetrack Bill bumped into his old friend Peter on the bus. “Say,” Peter said, “How’s it going?” “Going?  You want to hear one of the most amazing things that ever happened?  Tell me- what’s today’s date?” “July seventh.”  “Right.  The seventh day, of the seventh month.  I go to the track at seven minutes past seven.  My son is seven years old today, and we live at number seven, Seventh Avenue.”  “Let me guess,” Peter interrupted.  “You put everything you had on the seventh horse in the seventh race.”   “Right.” “And he won!”  Peter sighed. “No.  He came in seventh.”   
After a bitter marketing war, in which prices were continually being undercut, Birdseye and the Green Giant got together to settle their differences at a Peas Conference.
After leaving the racetrack Bill bumped into his old friend Peter on the bus. “Say,” Peter said, “How’s it going?” “Going?  You want to hear one of the most amazing things that ever happened?  Tell me- what’s today’s date?” “July seventh.”  “Right.  The seventh day, of the seventh month.  I go to the track at seven minutes past seven.  My son is seven years old today, and we live at number seven, Seventh Avenue.”  “Let me guess,” Peter interrupted.  “You put everything you had on the seventh horse in the seventh race.”   “Right.” “And he won!”  Peter sighed. “No.  He came in seventh.”   
Waking into the lingerie store, the hard-of-hearing customer says to the clerk, “I’d like to buy a pair of stockings for my wife. The clerk says, “Sheer?” And the man replies “No.  She is in another store.”  
After a bitter marketing war, in which prices were continually being undercut, Birdseye and the Green Giant got together to settle their differences at a Peas Conference.
After years of working for others and being passed over for promotions, John and his wife, Mary, decided to go into business together.  After examining the classifieds, they bought a small candy stand, paying thirty cents for each box of candy and then selling it for thirty cents.  At the end of the day they were astonished to find that they had sold every box of candy – yet had exactly as much money as when they started. “You see?” John snarled at his wife.  “I told you we should have bought a larger stand!”   
A lady walks into the drugstore and asks the pharmacist for some arsenic.  "Ma'am, what do you want with arsenic?" "To kill my husband."  "I can't sell you arsenic to kill a person!"  The lady lays down a photo of a man and a woman in a compromising position.  The man is her husband and the woman is the pharmacist's wife.  He takes the photo, and nods. "I didn't realize you had a prescription!"     
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed.  Women somehow deteriorate during the night. 
A woman has the last word in any argument.  Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband.  A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.  A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.  A successful woman is one who can find such a man. 
A man will pay $2 for a $1 item he needs.   A woman will pay $1 for a $2 item that she doesn't need.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't.  A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does. 
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
You don't have to be at a desk but you must be sitting.  While sitting at your desk make clockwise circles with your right foot.  While doing this, draw the number " 6 " in the air with your right hand.  Your foot will change direction. 
You don't have to be at a desk but you must be sitting.  While sitting at your desk make clockwise circles with your right foot.  While doing this, draw the number " 6 " in the air with your right hand.  Your foot will change direction. 
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't.  A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does. 
A lady walks into the drugstore and asks the pharmacist for some arsenic.  "Ma'am, what do you want with arsenic?" "To kill my husband."  "I can't sell you arsenic to kill a person!"  The lady lays down a photo of a man and a woman in a compromising position.  The man is her husband and the woman is the pharmacist's wife.  He takes the photo, and nods. "I didn't realize you had a prescription!"     
A man will pay $2 for a $1 item he needs.   A woman will pay $1 for a $2 item that she doesn't need.
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed.  Women somehow deteriorate during the night. 
A woman has the last word in any argument.  Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband.  A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.  A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.  A successful woman is one who can find such a man. 
You can tune a piano but you can't tune fish!! 
You can tune a piano but you can't tune fish!! 
Did you hear about the guy who lost his whole left side? He's alright now!
A posted in a couples home ...."I am the boss of the house...I have my wife's permission to say so!!!"
One day there was a tortoise walking on the road. Along came the hare that had once been defeated by the tortoise in a race. The hare was so angry from what had happened to him so he challenged him to another race. The tortoise gladly accepted his challenge. It ended up that the tortoise and the hare never finished the race because they both took a nap right before the finish line. So the tortoise is still the champion of the race. So remember this you snooze you loose!
An old man lived alone in Idaho. He wanted to spade his potato garden, but it was very hard work. His only son, Bubba, who used to help him, was in prison. The old man wrote a letter to his son and described his predicament.        Dear Bubba:       I am feeling pretty bad because it looks like I won't be able to plant my potato garden this year. I'm just getting too old to be digging up a garden plot. If you were here, all my troubles would be over. I know you would dig the plot for me.          Love, Dad        A few days later, he received a letter from his son.        Dear Dad:         For heaven's sake, Dad, don't dig up that garden. That's where I buried the BODIES.         Love, Bubba  At 4 a.m. the next morning, FBI agents and local Police showed up and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies. They apologized to the old man and left. That same day, the old man received another letter from his son.        Dear Dad:          Go ahead and plant the potatoes now. It's the best I could do under the circumstances.         Love, Bubba 
Ladies and Gentlemen, hobos and tramps, cross eyed mosquitoes and bow legged ants, I stand before you yet sit right beside you to tell you a story I know nothing about.  Admission is free; so pay at the door pull up a seat sit on the floor.  One sunny day in the middle of the night to dead boys got up to fight.  Back to back they faced each other drew there swords and shot each other a deaf policeman heard the noise, he went and killed those two dead boys.  A blind man saw it all looking threw a knot in a brick wall, while talking to his wife on a disconnected telephone. If you don't believe this lie is true ask the other blind man he saw it too. He lives in a two-story house on a vacant lot.
An elderly couple, Marty and Helen, along with some friends agreed to try a Thai Restaurant. While looking at the menu, Helen noticed her husband looking at the vegetarian section of the menu.  “What would you like Marty?” she asked.  “I’m looking at this Eggplant Spicy dish.”  He replied.  “Marty, you like meat and potatoes.  You won’t like that dish.”  Helen said.  “What do you know,” answered Marty, “I’m getting it.”  “Marty, I’m telling’ you, you are a meat and potatoes kind of guy.  You won’t like it!” Helen exclaimed.  “I’m getting it and that is the last word!” says Marty. A short while later the meals arrive at the table.  Marty looks down and his dish and says to Helen, “Where are my eggs?” 
 A teacher asked little Johnny if he knows his 1 to 10 well "Yes! Of course! My pop taught me...even more than 10" "Good. What comes after three?” "Four," answers the boy. "What comes after six?" "Seven." "Very good," says the teacher. "Your erm...dad did a good job. Now...so what comes after...lets say ten?" "A jack"   
After 17 years of marriage, a man dumped his wife for a younger woman.  The downtown luxury apartment was in his name and he wanted to remain there with his new love so he asked the wife to move out and then he would buy her another place.  The wife agreed to this, but asked that she be given 3 days on her own there to pack up her things.  While he was gone the first day, she lovingly put her personal belongings into boxes and crates and suitcases.  On the second day she had the movers come and collect her things.  On the third day she sat down for the last time at their candlelit dining table, soft music playing in the background, and feasted on a pound of shrimp and a bottle of chardonnay.  When she had finished, she went into each room and deposited a few of the resulting shrimp shells into the hollow of the curtain rods.  She then cleaned up the kitchen and left.  The husband came back with his new girl and all was bliss for the first few days.  Then it started, slowly but surely.  Clueless, the man could not explain why the place smelled so bad.  They tried everything; cleaned and mopped and aired the place out.  Vents were checked for dead rodents, carpets were steam cleaned, air fresheners were hung everywhere.  Exterminators were brought in, the carpets were replaced, and on it went.  Finally, they could take it no more and decided to move.  The moving company arrived and did a very professional packing job, taking everything to their new home...including the curtain rods.
Three leaders of the big beer companies meet for a drink. The president of Budweiser orders a Bud. Miller's president orders a Millers and the president of Coors orders a Coors. When it is Guinness turn to order he orders a soda. Why didn't you order a Guinness everyone asks? Nah Guinness replies. If you guys aren't having a beer neither will I.
 Men who are bald at front of their heads are good thinkers. Men who are bald at the back of their heads are good lovers. Men who are bald at front and back think they are good lovers.
During an army basic training, the lieutenant took the batch on a match and asked each of them where home was. After everyone had answered, he sneered and said "you are all wrong, the army is now your home". Back at the barracks, he read the evening duties, then asked the first sergeant if he had anything to say "you bet I do" the sergeant replied, "men, while you were gone today, I found beds improperly made, clothes not hanging correctly, shoes not shined and footlockers a mess. Where do you think you are? Home?  
A man was sitting besides a lady in the plane when he started to sneeze irritably. The lady was trying to endure it but when the man seems unperturbed, she nudged him and says " Mr., don't you have etiquette? You’ve been sneezing and can't even say excuse me" The man got angry and replied "how can you ask me if I have 'AIR TICKET' if I don't have one, would I be on this flight?" 
Knock-Knock Who's there? Dwayne. Dwayne who? Dwayne the tub I'm dwowning!
Policeman: "Did you get the license number of the car that knocked you down?" Pedestrian: "No, but I know who it was. My mother-in-law!" Policeman: "How can you be so certain?" Pedestrian: "I’d recognize that laugh anywhere!" 
It was the day of the big sale. Rumors of the sale and an advertisement in the local paper were the main reasons for the long line that formed in front of the store by 8:30, the store's opening time. A small man pushed his way to the front of the line, only to be pushed back amid loud and colorful curses. On the man's second attempt, he was punched square in the jaw and knocked around a bit, then thrown to the end of the line again. As he got up the second time, he said to the person at the end of the line: "That does it!  If they hit me one more time, I don't open the store!"
A man moved to a mountain top to get rid of the hustle and be alone. One day he heard a knock at the door and no one was there but then he looked down and there sat a snail and it said "it is quite cold out here can I come in?" the man shouted "NO why don’t you all understand I want to be alone!" and he kicked the snail down the mountain. One year later there was a knock at the door and no one was there and then he looked down and there again sat a snail and it said, "What did you do that for?"
Q: What did the hat say to the necktie?  A: You go on ahead, I'll hang around!" 
Q. Why don't snakes bite lawyers? A. Professional courtesy! 
This woman, who believed in natural birth, was having these abnormal contractions, went to see her Doctor.  "Doc", she said, "I'm feeling these abnormal contractions".  The Doctor took a listen, and said:  "My dear lady, you’re going to be having triplets!"  Baffled, the woman asked: "How can you tell?"  The Doctor responded:  "I hear inside: "No, you go first!"  "No, you go first!"  No, you go first!"
Gatiep grew up in Tafelsig, Mitchell's Plain, an average suburb of Cape Town, then moved away to attend college and law school. He decided to come back to Mitchell’s Plain, because he could be a big man in Tafelsig. He really wanted to impress everyone. So he returned and opened his new Law office. The first day, he saw a man coming up the sidewalk. He decided to make a big impression on this new client when he arrived. As the man came to the door Gatiep picked up the phone. He motioned the man in, while talking. "No. Absolutely no. You tell those clowns in New York that I won't settle this case for less than one million.  Yes. The Appeals Court has agreed to hear that case next week. I'll be handling the primary argument and the other members of my team will provide support. Okay. Tell the State Prosecutor that I'll meet with him next week to discuss the details." This sort of thing went on for almost five minutes.  All the while The man sat patiently as Gatiep rattled instructions. Finally, Gatiep put down the phone and turned to the man. "I'm sorry for the delay, but as you can see, I'm very busy. What can I do for you?" The man replied, "I'm from Telkom, I've come to connect your telephone line".  
 When Mozart passed away, he was buried in a churchyard. A couple days later, the town drunk was walking through the cemetery and heard some strange noises coming from the area where Mozart was buried. Terrified, the drunk ran and got the priest to come and listen to it. The priest bent close to the grave and heard some faint, unrecognizable music coming from the grave. Frightened, the priest ran and got the town magistrate. When the magistrate arrived, he bent his ear to the grave, listened for a moment, and said, "Ah, yes, that's Mozart's Ninth Symphony, being played backwards."  He listened a while longer, and said, "There's the Eighth Symphony, And it's backwards, too. Most puzzling." So the magistrate kept listening; "There's the Seventh... the Sixth...the Fifth..." Suddenly the realization of what was happening dawned  on the magistrate; he stood up and announced to the crowd that had gathered in the cemetery. "My fellow citizens, there's nothing to worry about. It's just Mozart decomposing."  
On the outside flap of the sign, it reads: The kitchen is close today on account of illness.  Inside flap: I'm sick of cooking! 
A woman goes to her doctor. She has a breadstick up her nose, a potato in her right ear and string bean in her left ear.  She says, "Doctor, can you help me? I don't feel well, and I cannot figure out what's wrong." The doctor replies; "Well my dear you are clearly not eating properly!" 
Q. Why does a cow wear a bell?  A. Because his horn doesn’t work! 
A lion was getting rather old and slow and having difficulty catching its prey. It decided it needed a disguise so that other animals did not know it was a lion and would not run away. So it goes into a fancy dress shop and buys a gorilla suit. It then heads for a watering hole to see if it can catch something with its new disguise. On the way it comes across two eagles sitting on a rock. One eagle says to it "Hi Mr. Lion!" The other said, "Where did you get the gorilla suit?" The lion, rather frustrated, asks, "How did you know I was a lion?" The eagles then started to sing, "You can't hide your lion eyes".
The man in the cafe asked the waiter, "What is this mouse doing in my alphabet soup?"   The waiter looked for a minute and said, "Learning to read sir."
Cal was out driving in the country, seeing how his new car handled the curvy roads at high speeds.  As he rounded a corner, one of his tires blew.    When he got out of the car to change the tire, he noticed that he had stopped in front of the state mental asylum.  There was also a man sitting on the brick wall in front of the facility.    The driver went about his business, not paying any attention to the guy on the fence.  He first took his tire iron and jack out of the car, and got the car jacked up.  Then, he removed the hubcap.  Next, he removed the six lug nuts, and placed them in the hubcap for safekeeping.    About this time, the guy on the fence decided to start a conversation.  This startled the driver, and he reeled around quickly, knocking over the hubcap, and the lug nuts fell into the sewer drain.  The driver gets angry with the guy on the fence, shouting, "Now look what you made me do.  Now I'm going to have to walk to town to buy some new lug nuts.  Just go back inside and leave me be."  The guy on the fence says, "Why don't you just take one lug nut from each of your other three wheels, and use them on this one.  That should hold it steady enough for you to drive the car to the auto parts store."  The driver asks, "That's a brilliant idea...then why are you here?"  The guy on the fence replies, "I'm just crazy, not stupid." 
A lion was getting rather old and slow and having difficulty catching its prey. It decided it needed a disguise so that other animals did not know it was a lion and would not run away. So it goes into a fancy dress shop and buys a gorilla suit. It then heads for a watering hole to see if it can catch something with its new disguise. On the way it comes across two eagles sitting on a rock. One eagle says to it "Hi Mr. Lion!" The other said, "Where did you get the gorilla suit?" The lion, rather frustrated, asks, "How did you know I was a lion?" The eagles then started to sing, "You can't hide your lion eyes".
Q. Why does a cow wear a bell?  A. Because his horn doesn’t work! 
A woman goes to her doctor. She has a breadstick up her nose, a potato in her right ear and string bean in her left ear.  She says, "Doctor, can you help me? I don't feel well, and I cannot figure out what's wrong." The doctor replies; "Well my dear you are clearly not eating properly!" 
A husband and wife entered the dentist's room. He said, "I want a tooth pulled. We are in a hurry - so no Novocain or gas. Just pull the tooth out." " You are a brave man,” said the dentist. "Now show me the tooth" "Open your mouth,” said the man to his wife and show the dentist which tooth it is, dear." 
Two man playing golf were held up by two women playing in front of them. One man said: "I'll walk up to them and tell them to hurry up."  When he returned he said: "I have a problem, one of the women is my wife and the other one is my mistress."  The second man said: "I'll walk up to them and hurry them up."  He came back and said: " We both have the same problem.”
A man goes to the hospital for its brain scan. According to the results: In his left brain no one's right And in his right brain nothing's left 
One afternoon a man came home from work to find total mayhem in his house.  His three children were outside, still in their P.J.'s, playing in the mud, with empty food boxes and wrappers thrown all about the front yard.  The door to his wife’s car was open, as was the front door to the house. Proceeding into the entry, he found an even bigger mess.  A lamp had been knocked over, and a throw rug was wadded against one wall.  In the front room the TV was blaring a cartoon channel, and the family room was strewn with toys and various items of clothing.  In the kitchen, dishes filled the sink, Breakfast food was spilled on the counter, dog food was spilled on the floor, a broken glass lay under the table, and a small pile of sand lay piled up by the back door.  He quickly headed up the stairs, stepping over toys and other piles of clothes, looking for his wife.  He was worried that she might be ill, or worse!!  He found her lounging into the bedroom, still in her pajamas, reading a novel.  She smiled, looked up at him and asked how his day went.  He looked at her bewildered and asked, "What happened here today?"  She again smiled and answered, "you know everyday when you come home from work and ask me what in the world did I do today?"  "Yes", he replied reluctantly.  She answered, "We'll, today I didn't do it!!" 
Why men like to fishing so much?  They finally found something as smart as them to talk to.
On the outside flap of the sign, it reads: The kitchen is close today on account of illness.  Inside flap: I'm sick of cooking! 
According to the scholar, an internist knows everything and does nothing, a surgeon does everything and knows nothing, and a psychiatrist knows nothing and does nothing.  Only a pathologist knows everything and does everything…too late.
Feeling dizzy and nauseous, Bill went to the doctor.  “So,” said the doctor as bill sat on the examining table, “what seems to be the problem?”  At once Bill shot his feet, grabbed his hat and coat, and stormed toward the door.  “What’s the matter?” claimed the doctor. “The nerve of you!” Bill snapped.  “All those years of medical school, and you want me to make the diagnosis!” 
While Mark was shopping for pet supplies, one of the salespeople came running up to him.  “Mark! Mark! I just saw someone driving off with your BMW!” “Dear God!  Did your try to stop him?”  “No,” said the clerk, “but don’t worry. I got the license plate number!” 
Standing before the judge during an alimony hearing, the man said,  “As God is my judge, I do not owe that madwoman money!” The judge calmly replied,  “He isn’t. I am.  You do.” 
Strolling into a bank, the moron presented a check and asked the teller to cash it.  The teller informed the woman that she must first identify herself.  Pulling a mirror from a purse the woman looked in it and said,  “Yes sir-it’s me, all right.”
According to the scholar, an internist knows everything and does nothing, a surgeon does everything and knows nothing, and a psychiatrist knows nothing and does nothing.  Only a pathologist knows everything and does everything…too late.
Feeling dizzy and nauseous, Bill went to the doctor.  “So,” said the doctor as bill sat on the examining table, “what seems to be the problem?”  At once Bill shot his feet, grabbed his hat and coat, and stormed toward the door.  “What’s the matter?” claimed the doctor. “The nerve of you!” Bill snapped.  “All those years of medical school, and you want me to make the diagnosis!” 
The businessperson told a nervous client to think of the computer match up service simply as “dater-processing”
When his teenage son asked to borrow twenty dollar, the man said, “Son, don’t you realize that there are more important things in life than money?” “Yes, sir,” the youth replied,  “I do. But you need money to take them to the movies.” 
Standing before the judge during an alimony hearing, the man said,  “As God is my judge, I do not owe that madwoman money!” The judge calmly replied,  “He isn’t. I am.  You do.” 
When his teenage son asked to borrow twenty dollar, the man said, “Son, don’t you realize that there are more important things in life than money?” “Yes, sir,” the youth replied,  “I do. But you need money to take them to the movies.” 
Strolling into a bank, the moron presented a check and asked the teller to cash it.  The teller informed the woman that she must first identify herself.  Pulling a mirror from a purse the woman looked in it and said,  “Yes sir-it’s me, all right.”
The businessperson told a nervous client to think of the computer match up service simply as “dater-processing”
Returning home after a tour of the U.S., an aborigine told his tribes people about the strangest sight he had seen.  “It was called a courtroom,” she said.  “And in it one man sat silent, another was talking constantly, and when it was over, twelve people ignored the one who was talking and condemned the man who hadn’t said a word!”
Returning home after a tour of the U.S., an aborigine told his tribes people about the strangest sight he had seen.  “It was called a courtroom,” she said.  “And in it one man sat silent, another was talking constantly, and when it was over, twelve people ignored the one who was talking and condemned the man who hadn’t said a word!”
While Mark was shopping for pet supplies, one of the salespeople came running up to him.  “Mark! Mark! I just saw someone driving off with your BMW!” “Dear God!  Did your try to stop him?”  “No,” said the clerk, “but don’t worry. I got the license plate number!” 
The factory foreman inspected the shipment of crystal vases leaving the plant, and approached his new packer.  He put his arm around the man’s shoulder and said,  “Well, Ole, I see you did what I asked.  Stamped the top of each box, ‘This Side Up, Handle With Care.’” “Yes sir,” the worker replied.  “And just to make sure, I stamped it on the bottom too.” 
Sitting at the bar, sad Rob told the bartender that he was drinking to forget the heartbreak of his broken engagement.  “Yeah,” said Rob, “would you marry someone who didn’t know the meaning of the word faithful, and who was flip and even vicious when the subject of fidelity came up?”  “ No way in hell” said the bartender. “Well, said Rob,  “neither would my fiancée.” 
Sitting at the bar, sad Rob told the bartender that he was drinking to forget the heartbreak of his broken engagement.  “Yeah,” said Rob, “would you marry someone who didn’t know the meaning of the word faithful, and who was flip and even vicious when the subject of fidelity came up?”  “ No way in hell” said the bartender. “Well, said Rob,  “neither would my fiancée.” 
The factory foreman inspected the shipment of crystal vases leaving the plant, and approached his new packer.  He put his arm around the man’s shoulder and said,  “Well, Ole, I see you did what I asked.  Stamped the top of each box, ‘This Side Up, Handle With Care.’” “Yes sir,” the worker replied.  “And just to make sure, I stamped it on the bottom too.” 
Today, of course, being college-bred means being a loaf for four years
“Tell me,” the teacher asked her students, “do you know what the word ‘can’t’ is short for?”  “Yes,” said little Lucy.  “It’s short for ‘cannot.’” “Very good.  And what about ‘don’t’?” Little Matt’s hand shot up.  “That,” he said with authority, “is short for ‘doughnut.’” 
Dr. Burns was disgusted when Frank staggered into his office thoroughly inebriated. He looked at him severely.  “What happened, Frank? I thought we were going to lick this problem by cutting you down to just two drinks a day.”  Frank dragged a finger across his chest.  “Cross my heart, doc, I—I did as you asked.” “Impossible.  If you had, you wouldn’t be in this shape.” “No, honestly!”  Frank replied.  “In fact, when I left here the other day. I went to another doctor for a second opinion – and he prescribed the same thing!” 
Though he loved the design of his new tie, Harry had no choice but to take it back to the store.  When the clerk asked what was wrong with it, Harry said,  “To tight.”
Dr. Burns was disgusted when Frank staggered into his office thoroughly inebriated. He looked at him severely.  “What happened, Frank? I thought we were going to lick this problem by cutting you down to just two drinks a day.”  Frank dragged a finger across his chest.  “Cross my heart, doc, I—I did as you asked.” “Impossible.  If you had, you wouldn’t be in this shape.” “No, honestly!”  Frank replied.  “In fact, when I left here the other day. I went to another doctor for a second opinion – and he prescribed the same thing!” 
Today, of course, being college-bred means being a loaf for four years
“Tell me,” the teacher asked her students, “do you know what the word ‘can’t’ is short for?”  “Yes,” said little Lucy.  “It’s short for ‘cannot.’” “Very good.  And what about ‘don’t’?” Little Matt’s hand shot up.  “That,” he said with authority, “is short for ‘doughnut.’” 
Though he loved the design of his new tie, Harry had no choice but to take it back to the store.  When the clerk asked what was wrong with it, Harry said,  “To tight.”
YOU LIVE IN CALIFORNIA WHEN - -   1. You make over $250,000 and you still can't afford to buy a house.  2. The high school quarterback calls a time-out to answer his cell phone.  3. The fastest part of your commute is going down your driveway.  4. You know how to eat an artichoke.  5. You drive to your neighborhood block party.  6. Someone asks you how far away something is, you tell them how long it will take to get there rather than how many miles away it is.   YOU LIVE IN NEW YORK WHEN - -   1. You say "the city" and expect everyone to know you mean Manhattan.  2. You have never been to the Statue of Liberty.  3. You can get into a 4-hour argument about how to get from Columbus Circle to Battery Park, but can't find Wisconsin on a map.  4. You think Central Park is "nature."  5. You believe that being able to swear at people in their own language makes you multilingual.  6. You've worn out a car horn.  7  You think eye contact is an act of aggression.   YOU LIVE IN ALASKA WHEN - -   1. You only have four spices: salt, pepper, ketchup and Tabasco.  2. Halloween costumes fit over parkas.  3. You have more than one recipe for moose.  4. Sexy lingerie is anything flannel with less than eight buttons.  5. The four seasons are: winter, still winter, almost winter, and construction.   YOU LIVE IN THE DEEP SOUTH WHEN - -   1. You get a movie and bait in the same store.  2. "Ya'll" is singular and "all ya'll" is plural.  3. After fifteen years you still hear, "You ain't from 'round here, are ya?"  4. "He needed killin'" is a valid defense.  5. Everyone has 2 first names.    YOU LIVE IN COLORADO WHEN - -  1. You carry your $3,000 mountain bike atop your $500 car.  2. You tell your husband to pick up Granola on his way home, and he stops at the Day Care Center.  3. A pass does not involve a football or dating.  4. The top of your head is bald, but you still have a ponytail.   YOU LIVE IN THE MIDWEST WHEN - -   1. You've never met any celebrities, but the mayor knows your name.  2. Your idea of a traffic jam is ten cars waiting to pass a tractor.  3. You have had to switch from "heat" to "A/C" on the same day.  4. You end sentences with a preposition: "Where's my coat at?"  5. When asked how your trip was to any exotic place, you say, "It was different! "    YOU LIVE IN FLORIDA WHEN - -  1. You eat dinner at 3:15 in the afternoon.  2. All purchases include a coupon of some kind -- even houses and cars.  3. Everyone can recommend an excellent dermatologist.  4. Road construction never ends anywhere in the state.  5. Cars in front of you are often driven by headless people  6. You don't know how to vote 
A plane was taking off from Kennedy Airport. After it reached a comfortable cruising altitude, the captain made an announcement over the intercom, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.  Welcome to Flight Number 293, non-stop from New York to Los Angeles. The weather ahead is good and, therefore, we should have a smooth and uneventful flight. Now sit back and relax - OH, MY G-D!"  Silence followed, and after a few minutes the captain came back on the intercom and said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, I am so sorry if I scared you earlier; but, while I was talking, the flight attendant brought me a cup of coffee and spilled the hot coffee in my lap. You should see the front of my pants!"  A passenger in Coach said, "That's nothing. He should see the back of mine!"  
1. "Weather at our destination is 50 degrees with some broken clouds, but we'll try to have them fixed before we arrive. Thank you, and remember, nobody loves you, or your money, more than Southwest Airlines."  2. "Your seat cushions can be used for flotation, and, in the event of an emergency water landing, please paddle to shore and take them with you with our compliments."  3. "As you exit the plane, make sure to gather all of your belongings. Anything left behind will be distributed evenly among the flight attendants. Please do not leave children or spouses."  4. And from the pilot during his welcome message: "Delta airlines is pleased to have some of the best flight attendants in the industry. Unfortunately, none of them are on this flight!"  5. Overheard on an American Airlines flight into Amarillo, Texas, on a particularly  windy and bumpy day: During the final approach, the Captain was really having to  fight it. After an extremely hard landing, the Flight Attendant said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Amarillo. Please remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened  while the Captain taxis what's left of our airplane to the gate 
1. Another flight attendant's comment on a less than perfect  landing: "We ask you to please remain seated as Captain Kangaroo  bounces us to the terminal."  2. After a real crusher of a landing in Phoenix, the Flight Attendant came  on with, "Ladies and Gentlemen, please remain in your seats until Capt. Crash  and the Crew have brought the aircraft to a screeching halt against the gate.  And, once the tire smoke has cleared and the warning bells are silenced, we'll open  the door and you can  pick your way through the wreckage to the terminal."   3. Part of a flight attendant's arrival announcement: "We'd like to thank you folks for flying with us today. And, the next time you get the insane urge to go blasting through the skies in a pressurized  metal tube, we hope you'll think of US Airways." 
All too rarely, airline attendants make an effort to make the in-flight "safety lecture", and their other announcements a bit more entertaining. Here are some real examples that have been heard or reported:  1. On a Continental Flight with a very "senior" flight attendant crew, the pilot said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached cruising altitude and will be turning down the cabin lights. This is for your comfort, and to enhance the appearance of your flight attendants."  2. On landing the stewardess said, "There may be 50 ways to leave your lover, but there are only 4 ways out off this airplane."  3. As the plane landed and was coming to a stop at Washington National, a lone voice came over the loudspeaker: "Whoa, big fella. WHOA!"  4. After a particularly rough landing during thunderstorms in Memphis, a flight attendant on a Northwest flight announced, "Please take care when opening the overhead compartments because, after a landing like that, sure as hell everything has shifted."  5. "In the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure, masks will descend from the ceiling. Stop screaming, grab the mask, and pull it over your face. If you have a small child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs. If you are traveling with more than one small child, pick your favorite." 
While taxiing at London Gatwick, the crew of a US Air flight departing for Ft. Lauderdale made a wrong turn and came nose to nose with a United 727. An irate female ground  controller lashed out at the US Air crew, screaming, "US Air 2771, where the hell are you going! I told you to turn right onto Charlie taxiway! You turned right on Delta! Stop right there. I know it's difficult for you to tell the difference between 'C' and 'D', but get it right!"   Continuing her rage to the embarrassed crew, she was now shouting hysterically, "God! Now you've screwed everything up! It'll take forever to sort this out! You stay right there and don't move till I tell you to! You can expect progressive taxi instructions in about half an hour, and I want you to go exactly where I tell you, when I tell you, and how I tell you! You got that, US Air 2771?"  "Yes ma'am," the humbled crew responded. Naturally, the ground control communications frequency fell terribly silent after the verbal bashing of US Air 2771. Nobody wanted to chance engaging the irate ground controller in her current state of mind. Tension in every cockpit out in Gatwick was definitely running high. Just then an unknown pilot broke the silence and keyed his microphone, asking, "Wasn't I married to you once?"
All too rarely, airline attendants make an effort to make the in-flight "safety lecture", and their other announcements a bit more entertaining. Here are some real examples that have been heard or reported:  1. On a Continental Flight with a very "senior" flight attendant crew, the pilot said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached cruising altitude and will be turning down the cabin lights. This is for your comfort, and to enhance the appearance of your flight attendants."  2. On landing the stewardess said, "There may be 50 ways to leave your lover, but there are only 4 ways out off this airplane."  3. As the plane landed and was coming to a stop at Washington National, a lone voice came over the loudspeaker: "Whoa, big fella. WHOA!"  4. After a particularly rough landing during thunderstorms in Memphis, a flight attendant on a Northwest flight announced, "Please take care when opening the overhead compartments because, after a landing like that, sure as hell everything has shifted."  5. "In the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure, masks will descend from the ceiling. Stop screaming, grab the mask, and pull it over your face. If you have a small child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs. If you are traveling with more than one small child, pick your favorite." 
1. "Weather at our destination is 50 degrees with some broken clouds, but we'll try to have them fixed before we arrive. Thank you, and remember, nobody loves you, or your money, more than Southwest Airlines."  2. "Your seat cushions can be used for flotation, and, in the event of an emergency water landing, please paddle to shore and take them with you with our compliments."  3. "As you exit the plane, make sure to gather all of your belongings. Anything left behind will be distributed evenly among the flight attendants. Please do not leave children or spouses."  4. And from the pilot during his welcome message: "Delta airlines is pleased to have some of the best flight attendants in the industry. Unfortunately, none of them are on this flight!"  5. Overheard on an American Airlines flight into Amarillo, Texas, on a particularly  windy and bumpy day: During the final approach, the Captain was really having to  fight it. After an extremely hard landing, the Flight Attendant said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Amarillo. Please remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened  while the Captain taxis what's left of our airplane to the gate 
1. Another flight attendant's comment on a less than perfect  landing: "We ask you to please remain seated as Captain Kangaroo  bounces us to the terminal."  2. After a real crusher of a landing in Phoenix, the Flight Attendant came  on with, "Ladies and Gentlemen, please remain in your seats until Capt. Crash  and the Crew have brought the aircraft to a screeching halt against the gate.  And, once the tire smoke has cleared and the warning bells are silenced, we'll open  the door and you can  pick your way through the wreckage to the terminal."   3. Part of a flight attendant's arrival announcement: "We'd like to thank you folks for flying with us today. And, the next time you get the insane urge to go blasting through the skies in a pressurized  metal tube, we hope you'll think of US Airways." 
A couple lived near the ocean and used to walk the beach a lot. One summer they noticed a girl who was at the beach pretty much every day.  She wasn't unusual, nor was the travel bag she carried, except for one thing. She would approach people who were sitting on the beach, glance around, then speak to them.  Generally, the people would respond negatively and she would wander off, but occasionally someone would nod and there would be a quick exchange of money for something she carried in her bag. The couple assumed she was selling drugs and debated calling the cops, but since they didn't know for sure they just continued to watch her.  After a couple of weeks the wife asked, "Honey, have you ever noticed that she only goes up to people with boom boxes and other electronic devices?"  He hadn't and said so. Then she said, "Tomorrow I want you to get a towel and our big radio and go lie out on the beach. Then we can find out what she's really doing."  Well, the plan went off without a hitch, and the wife was almost hopping up and down with anticipation when she saw the girl talk to her husband and then leave. The man walked up the beach and met his wife at the road. "Well, is she selling drugs?" she asked excitedly."  No, she's not." he said, enjoying this probably more than he should have.  "Well, what is it, then?" his wife fairly shrieked.  The man grinned and said. "Her name is Sally and she's a battery salesperson."  "Batteries?" cried the wife.  "Yes," he replied. "Sally sells C cells by the Seashore
A forester and a lawyer were in car accident and showed up at the pearly gates together.  St. Peter greets them at the pearly gates and takes them to the homes where they will spend all of eternity. They get into St. Peter's holy vehicle and head on down a gold road, which turns into a platinum road, which turns onto an even grander road paved with diamonds, to a huge mansion where St. Peter turns to the lawyer and says, here is your home for the rest of eternity, enjoy! And if there is anything you need, just let me know.   Then St. Peter took the forester to his home, back down the diamond studded boulevard, down the platinum highway, down the street of gold, down an avenue of silver, along a stone alley and down an unpaved footpath to a shack. St Peter says, "Here you go" and goes to leave when the forester says "Wait minute! How come the lawyer gets the big mansion and I get this shack?"  St. Peter says: "Well, Foresters are a dime a dozen here, we have never had a lawyer before." 
Before the weeding day the groom told the bride: "I want you to be the major of the household to be making the major decisions & I'll just make the general ones" The  The bride, having heard that, happily kissed her husband-to-be" Overheard their conversation, the groom's friend, pulled him aside & asked: "Are you crazy? How could she be making all the major decisions in the household!"  The Groom, smiling cautiously whispered to him. “She’s the Major but I'm the General. Get it?" 
Two drunks are walking along. One drunk says to the other, "What a beautiful night, look at the moon."   The other drunk stops and looks at his drunken friend, "You are wrong. That's not the moon, that's the sun."   Both started arguing for a while when they came upon another drunk walking, so they stopped him. "Sir, could you please help settle our argument? Tell us what that thing is up in the sky that's shining. Is it the moon or the sun?"   The third drunk looked at the sky and then looked at them and said, "Sorry, I don't live around here."
A drunken man walked up to a parking meter and puts in some change. The meter goes up to sixty and he says, "Hey, I lost 100 pounds!"
Did you hear about this new movie?   It's about a guy who is terrified of addition problems...   ..."The Fear of all Sums".... 
A drunken man walked up to a parking meter and puts in some change. The meter goes up to sixty and he says, "Hey, I lost 100 pounds!"
Two drunks are walking along. One drunk says to the other, "What a beautiful night, look at the moon."   The other drunk stops and looks at his drunken friend, "You are wrong. That's not the moon, that's the sun."   Both started arguing for a while when they came upon another drunk walking, so they stopped him. "Sir, could you please help settle our argument? Tell us what that thing is up in the sky that's shining. Is it the moon or the sun?"   The third drunk looked at the sky and then looked at them and said, "Sorry, I don't live around here."
You see a gorgeous girl at a party. You go up to her and say, "I am very rich. Marry me!"  That's Direct Marketing.   You’re at a party with a bunch of friends and see a gorgeous girl. One of your friends goes up to her and pointing at you and says, "He's very rich. Marry him."  That's Advertising.   You see a gorgeous girl at a party. You go up to her and get her telephone number. The next day you call and say, "Hi, I’m very rich. Marry me."  That's Telemarketing.   You're at a party and see a gorgeous girl. You get up and straighten your tie; you walk up to her and pour her a drink. You open the door for her; pick up her bag after she drops it, offer her a ride, and then say, "By the way, I'm very rich. Will you marry me?"  That's Public Relations.   You're at a party and see a gorgeous girl. She walks up to you and says, "You are very rich."  That's Brand Recognition.   You see a gorgeous girl at a party. You go up to her and say, "I'm rich. Marry me" She gives you a nice hard slap on your face.  That's Customer Feedback!!!! 
A couple lived near the ocean and used to walk the beach a lot. One summer they noticed a girl who was at the beach pretty much every day.  She wasn't unusual, nor was the travel bag she carried, except for one thing. She would approach people who were sitting on the beach, glance around, then speak to them.  Generally, the people would respond negatively and she would wander off, but occasionally someone would nod and there would be a quick exchange of money for something she carried in her bag. The couple assumed she was selling drugs and debated calling the cops, but since they didn't know for sure they just continued to watch her.  After a couple of weeks the wife asked, "Honey, have you ever noticed that she only goes up to people with boom boxes and other electronic devices?"  He hadn't and said so. Then she said, "Tomorrow I want you to get a towel and our big radio and go lie out on the beach. Then we can find out what she's really doing."  Well, the plan went off without a hitch, and the wife was almost hopping up and down with anticipation when she saw the girl talk to her husband and then leave. The man walked up the beach and met his wife at the road. "Well, is she selling drugs?" she asked excitedly."  No, she's not." he said, enjoying this probably more than he should have.  "Well, what is it, then?" his wife fairly shrieked.  The man grinned and said. "Her name is Sally and she's a battery salesperson."  "Batteries?" cried the wife.  "Yes," he replied. "Sally sells C cells by the Seashore
Before the weeding day the groom told the bride: "I want you to be the major of the household to be making the major decisions & I'll just make the general ones" The  The bride, having heard that, happily kissed her husband-to-be" Overheard their conversation, the groom's friend, pulled him aside & asked: "Are you crazy? How could she be making all the major decisions in the household!"  The Groom, smiling cautiously whispered to him. “She’s the Major but I'm the General. Get it?" 
(This joke should be understood in the spirit that X'tian marriages in our part of the world are almost always arranged, divorces are rare & socially stigmatic.  So spouses are tolerant) On the day I got married, my uncle gave me his piece of personal wisdom. He said:  In the first year, the wife is obedient.  She listens to whatever you say.  So enjoy yourself. In the second year, the role changes & the husband listens to his wife.  So it's her time to enjoy. In the third & succeeding years, there are no more such roles.  So the neighbors listen to what you shout at each other.  And they enjoy.  
1st man: "My neighbors were screaming and yelling at three o'clock this morning!" 2nd man: "Did they wake you?" 1st man:  "Nah....I was up playing my bagpipes."
It was a stormy night. A guy was driving in some mountains and his car broke down. He stopped it by a tree and walked down the highway looking for help. A headlight started to approach him from behind. He turned back and noticed a car coming forth very slowly. He walked up to it, opened the door, and sat on the passenger's seat. Then he suddenly notices that there was no driver, but the car was moving! Before the guy could decide what to do, a sharp turn appeared a few meters before the car and it seemed that the car was going to go off the cliff. The guy trembled in fright, but a pale hand came in from the open window and turned the steering wheel! When the car finished turning around the curve, the hand withdrew. Every time there was a turn, the same hand would come in and guide the wheels of the car to safety. The guy could not believe all this. As soon as he saw the lights of some rest stop by the road he jumped off the car and ran into a bar, pale, wet, trembling, and telling everybody that he had a most creepy, supernatural experience. Then two young men dripping in mud came into the bar. One saw the guy and said, "Hey, that's the stupid fellow that got in our car while were pushing." 
Farmer Emmitt had just finished cutting up hog meat when he gave his wife two hams and said, "Cora take these two hams and put them up for hard times." Cora took the hams and put them in the freezer. One week later while Cora was sitting on the porch, an old truck pulled up and a man with an unfamiliar face got out. The man said, "Hello there Cora, how's it going." Cora replied, "Do I know you?" The man said, "You should, I'm very popular around here. They call me Hard Time." Cora jumped up and said, hold on a minute I got a package for you. She ran in the kitchen grabbed the two hams and gave them to the man. The man said well thank you Mrs. Cora that's rather nice of you, then left. A couple of days later Emmitt asked Cora about cooking one of those hams he gave her to put up for hard times. Cora said, "Hard Time done came and got the hams already and it wouldn't be right to ask for one back!
Hawk and Tom were talking in the bar. Hawk said," I just got kicked off the course for breaking 60." Tom looked at him, amazed. " Breaking 60? That's amazing!" Hawk smiled and said," Yeah, I never knew a golf cart could go that fast!"
One day, a grandpa and his grandson go golfing. The young one is really good and the old one is just giving him tips. They are on hole 8 and there is a tree in the way and the grandpa says, "When I was your age, I would hit the ball right over that tree." So, the grandson hits the ball and it bumps against the tree and lands not to far from where it started. "Of course," added the grandpa, "when I was your age, the tree was only 3 feet tall."
Computer Problem Report Form   1. Describe your problem: __________________________________________   2. Now, describe the problem accurately: __________________________________________   3. Speculate wildly about the cause of the problem:  __________________________________________  __________________________________________   4. Problem Severity:  A. Minor__  B. Minor__  C. Minor__  D. Trivial__   5. Nature of the problem:  A. Locked Up__  B. Frozen__  C. Hung__  D. Shot__   6. Is your computer plugged in? Yes__ No__   7. Is it turned on?  Yes__ No__   8. Have you tried to fix it yourself? Yes__ No__   9. Have you made it worse?  Yes__   10. Have you read the manual?  Yes__ No__   11. Are you sure you've read the manual? Yes__ No__   12. Are you absolutely certain you've read the manual?  No__   13. Do you think you understood it?  Yes__ No__   14. If `Yes' then why can't you fix the problem yourself? __________________________________________   15. How tall are you? Are you above this line? __________________________________________   16. What were you doing with your computer at the time the problem occurred? __________________________________________   17. If "nothing" explain why you were logged in. __________________________________________   18. Are you sure you aren't imagining the problem?  Yes__ No__   19. How does this problem make you feel? __________________________________________  20. Tell me about your childhood. __________________________________________  21. Do you have any independent witnesses of the problem?  Yes__ No__   22. Can't you do something else, instead of bothering me?  Yes__   Thank you for taking the time to fill out our Computer Problems Form. Please allow 1-week response time so that the problem will resolve its self or you will reboot your computer, most likely resolving the issue.  
 A little girl walked proudly into a dry goods store to buy material for a dress for her doll.  When she came to the cash register she asked, “What does this cost?" "For a sweet little girl like you," replied the man (feeling generous)"I'll charge only one   little kiss." "Thanks" replied the tot. "Grandma said whatever it is, to charge it and she'll be by tomorrow to pay for it." 
Psychologists have discovered that the manner in which people eat Oreo cookies provides great insight into their personalities. Choose which method best describes your favorite method of eating Oreos:  1. The whole thing all at once. 2. One bite at a time 3. Slow and methodical nibbles examining the results of each bite afterwards. 4. In little feverous nibbles. 5. Dunked in some liquid (milk, coffee...). 6. Twisted apart, the inside, then the cookie. 7. Twisted apart, the inside, and toss the cookie. 8. Just the cookie, not the inside. 9. I just like to lick them, not eat them. 10.I don't have a favorite way because I don't like Oreos.   Your Personality:  1. The whole thing: This means you consume life with abandon, you are fun to be with, exciting, carefree with some hint of recklessness. You are totally irresponsible. No one should trust you with his or her children.  2. One bite at a time: You are lucky to be one of the 5.4 billion other people who eat their Oreos this very same way. Just like them, you lack imagination, but that's okay, not to worry, you're normal.  3. Slow and Methodical: You follow the rules. You're very tidy and orderly. You're very meticulous in every detail with every thing you do to the point of being anal retentive and irritating to others. Stay out of the fast lane if you're only going to go the speed limit.  4. Feverous Nibbles: Your boss likes you because you get your work done quickly. You always have a million things to do and never enough time to do them. Mental breakdowns and suicides run in your family. Valium and Ritalin would do you good.  5. Dunked: Every one likes you because you are always up beat. You like to sugar coat unpleasant experiences and rationalize bad situations into good ones. You are in total denial about the shambles you call a life. You have a propensity towards narcotic addiction.  6. Twisted apart, the inside, and then the cookie: You have a highly curious nature. You take pleasure in breaking things apart to find out how they work, though not always able to put them back together, so you destroy all the evidence of your activities. You deny your involvement when things go wrong. You are a compulsive liar and exhibit deviant, if not criminal, behavior.  7. Twisted apart, the inside, and then toss the cookie: You are good at business and take risk that pay off. You take what you want and throw the rest away. You are greedy, selfish, mean, and lack feelings for others. You should be ashamed of yourself. But that's ok, you don't care, you got yours.  8. Just the cookie, not the inside: You enjoy pain.   9. I just like to lick them, not eat them: Stay away from small furry animals and seek professional medical help - immediately.  10. I don't have a favorite way, I don't like Oreos: You probably come from a rich family, and like to wear nice things, and go to upscale restaurants. You are particular and fussy about the things you buy, own, and wear. Things have to be just right. You like to be pampered. You are a prissy.  
Did you ever notice? When you put the two words "The" and "IRS" together it spells "THEIRS"?  
“Doc!” the man yells. I’ve lost my memory!” “Calm down, sir.  When did this happen.” The man looked at him.  “When did what happen?” 
While giving a physical the doctor noticed that his patient’s shins were covered with dark bruises. “Tell me,” said the doctor, “do you play hockey or soccer?”  “Neither,” said the man. “My wife and I play bridge.” 
A young woman greeted the census taker.  “Good morning,” said the caller, “I’m taking the census and I’d like to ask you a few questions. Occupation?” “Homemaker,” replied the woman. “Husband’s occupation?” “Manufacturer.” “Children?” “No,” said the woman. “Dresses.” 
A young girl was so nervous about the cruise that immediately after being shown to her cabin, she headed for the bar. Four hours later she bumped into a steward.  “ ‘Scuse me.’ She said hiccupping,  “I, I can’t seem to find my cabin.” “I’ll be glad to help you, ma’am.  What’s the number?” “I dunno,” she answered,  “but if you show me aroun’, I’ll recognize it from the lighthouse just outside the porthole.” 
Did you ever notice? When you put the two words "The" and "IRS" together it spells "THEIRS"?  
Psychologists have discovered that the manner in which people eat Oreo cookies provides great insight into their personalities. Choose which method best describes your favorite method of eating Oreos:  1. The whole thing all at once. 2. One bite at a time 3. Slow and methodical nibbles examining the results of each bite afterwards. 4. In little feverous nibbles. 5. Dunked in some liquid (milk, coffee...). 6. Twisted apart, the inside, then the cookie. 7. Twisted apart, the inside, and toss the cookie. 8. Just the cookie, not the inside. 9. I just like to lick them, not eat them. 10.I don't have a favorite way because I don't like Oreos.   Your Personality:  1. The whole thing: This means you consume life with abandon, you are fun to be with, exciting, carefree with some hint of recklessness. You are totally irresponsible. No one should trust you with his or her children.  2. One bite at a time: You are lucky to be one of the 5.4 billion other people who eat their Oreos this very same way. Just like them, you lack imagination, but that's okay, not to worry, you're normal.  3. Slow and Methodical: You follow the rules. You're very tidy and orderly. You're very meticulous in every detail with every thing you do to the point of being anal retentive and irritating to others. Stay out of the fast lane if you're only going to go the speed limit.  4. Feverous Nibbles: Your boss likes you because you get your work done quickly. You always have a million things to do and never enough time to do them. Mental breakdowns and suicides run in your family. Valium and Ritalin would do you good.  5. Dunked: Every one likes you because you are always up beat. You like to sugar coat unpleasant experiences and rationalize bad situations into good ones. You are in total denial about the shambles you call a life. You have a propensity towards narcotic addiction.  6. Twisted apart, the inside, and then the cookie: You have a highly curious nature. You take pleasure in breaking things apart to find out how they work, though not always able to put them back together, so you destroy all the evidence of your activities. You deny your involvement when things go wrong. You are a compulsive liar and exhibit deviant, if not criminal, behavior.  7. Twisted apart, the inside, and then toss the cookie: You are good at business and take risk that pay off. You take what you want and throw the rest away. You are greedy, selfish, mean, and lack feelings for others. You should be ashamed of yourself. But that's ok, you don't care, you got yours.  8. Just the cookie, not the inside: You enjoy pain.   9. I just like to lick them, not eat them: Stay away from small furry animals and seek professional medical help - immediately.  10. I don't have a favorite way, I don't like Oreos: You probably come from a rich family, and like to wear nice things, and go to upscale restaurants. You are particular and fussy about the things you buy, own, and wear. Things have to be just right. You like to be pampered. You are a prissy.  
Computer Problem Report Form   1. Describe your problem: __________________________________________   2. Now, describe the problem accurately: __________________________________________   3. Speculate wildly about the cause of the problem:  __________________________________________  __________________________________________   4. Problem Severity:  A. Minor__  B. Minor__  C. Minor__  D. Trivial__   5. Nature of the problem:  A. Locked Up__  B. Frozen__  C. Hung__  D. Shot__   6. Is your computer plugged in? Yes__ No__   7. Is it turned on?  Yes__ No__   8. Have you tried to fix it yourself? Yes__ No__   9. Have you made it worse?  Yes__   10. Have you read the manual?  Yes__ No__   11. Are you sure you've read the manual? Yes__ No__   12. Are you absolutely certain you've read the manual?  No__   13. Do you think you understood it?  Yes__ No__   14. If `Yes' then why can't you fix the problem yourself? __________________________________________   15. How tall are you? Are you above this line? __________________________________________   16. What were you doing with your computer at the time the problem occurred? __________________________________________   17. If "nothing" explain why you were logged in. __________________________________________   18. Are you sure you aren't imagining the problem?  Yes__ No__   19. How does this problem make you feel? __________________________________________  20. Tell me about your childhood. __________________________________________  21. Do you have any independent witnesses of the problem?  Yes__ No__   22. Can't you do something else, instead of bothering me?  Yes__   Thank you for taking the time to fill out our Computer Problems Form. Please allow 1-week response time so that the problem will resolve its self or you will reboot your computer, most likely resolving the issue.  
Customer Service Rep: Can you install LOVE?   Customer: I can do that. I'm not very technical, but I think I am ready to install now. What do I do first?   Customer Service Rep: The first step is to open your HEART. Have you located your HEART ma'am?   Customer: Yes I have, but there are several programs running right now. Is it okay to install while they are running?   Customer Service Rep: What programs are running ma'am?   Customer: Let me see.... I have PASTHURT.EXE, LOWESTEEM.EXE, GRUDGE.EXE, and RESENTMENT.COM running right now.   Customer Service Rep: No problem. LOVE will automatically erase PASTHURT.EXE from your current operating system. It may remain in your permanent memory, but it will no longer disrupt other programs. LOVE will eventually overwrite LOWESTEEM.EXE with a module of its own called HIGHESTEEM.EXE. However, you have to completely turn off GRUDGE.EXE and RESENTMENT.COM. Those programs prevent LOVE from being properly installed. Can you turn those off ma'am?   Customer: I don't know how to turn them off. Can you tell me how?   Customer Service Rep: My pleasure. Go to your Start menu and invoke FORGIVENESS.EXE. Do this as many times as necessary until GRUDGE.EXE and RESENTMENT.COM have been completely erased.   Customer: Okay, I'm done. LOVE has started installing itself automatically. Is that normal?   Customer Service Rep: Yes it is. You should receive a message that says it will reinstall for the life of your HEART. Do you see that message?   Customer: Yes I do. Is it completely installed?   Customer Service Rep: Yes, but remember that you have only the base program. You need to begin connecting to other HEARTS in order to get the upgrades.   Customer: Oops...I have an error message already. What should I do?   Customer Service Rep: What does the message say?   Customer: It says "ERROR 412 - PROGRAM NOT RUN ON INTERNAL COMPONENTS". What does that mean?   Customer Service Rep: Don't worry ma'am, that's a common problem. It means that the LOVE program is set up to run on external HEARTS but has not yet been run on your HEART. It is one of those complicated programming things, but in non-technical terms it means you have to "LOVE" your own machine before it can "LOVE” others.   Customer: So what should I do?   Customer Service Rep: Can you find the directory called "SELF-ACCEPTANCE"?   Customer: Yes, I have it.   Customer Service Rep: Excellent, you are getting good at this.   Customer: Thank you.   Customer Service Rep: You're welcome. Click on the following files and then copy them to the "MYHEART" directory: FORGIVESELF.DOC, SELFESTEEM.TXT, REALIZEWORTH.TXT, and GOODNESS.DOC. The system will overwrite any conflicting files and begin patching any faulty programming. Also, you need to delete SELFCRITIC.EXE from all directories, and then empty your recycle bin afterwards to make sure it is completely gone and never comes back.   Customer: Got it. Hey! My HEART is filling up with really neat files. SMILE.MPG is playing on my monitor right now and it shows that WARMTH.COM, PEACE.EXE, and CONTENTMENT.COM are copying themselves all over my HEART!   Customer Service Rep: Then LOVE is installed and running. You should be able to handle it from here. One more thing before I go...   Customer: Yes?   Customer Service Rep: LOVE is freeware. Be sure to give it and its various modules to everybody you meet. They will in turn share it with other people and they will return some really neat modules back to you.   Customer: I will. Thank you for your help. 
A down and out musician was playing his harmonica in the middle of a busy shopping mall.  Striding over, a policeman asked,  “May I please see your permit?”  I don’t have one,” confessed the musician.  “In that case, you’ll have to accompany me.” “Splendid!” exclaimed the musician.  “What shall we sing?” 
Tired of having to balance his wife Lucy’s checkbook, Bob made a deal with her; he would only look at it after she had spent a few hours trying to wrestle it into shape.  Only then would he lend his expertise. The following night, after spending hours poring over stubs and figures, the woman said proudly, “There! I’ve done it!  I made it balance!”   Impressed, Bob came over to take a look.    “Let’s see … mortgage 550.00…electricity 70.50…phone 35.00.”  His brow wrinkled as he read the last entry.  “It says here ESP, 615.00.  What the heck is that?” “Oh,” she said, “That means, Error Some Place.” 
After suffering through years of his wife’s awful coffee, the man spit it out and took the coffee maker to his lawyer.  Dropping it on the attorney’s desk, the man snarled, “Here they are!”  “Here are what?” the startled lawyer asked.  “Grounds for divorce.” 
After being arrested for robbery, Quinn hired the best lawyer in town. “Look,” the crook said, “I’ve got nearly a million in cash in my bank box. Can you get me off?” The lawyer said,  “Believe me, pal, you will never go to prison with that kind of money.” And sure enough, he did not.  He went to prison flat broke. 
It was Loomis’s day to walk about the grounds of the asylum. Pausing by the fence, he looked into the fields of the farmer next door. “Hey,” he yelled,  “what the heck are you doing?” “Spreading fertilizer on the strawberries,” replied the farmer. Shaking his head, Loomis says,  “Fella, you ought to have dessert here some time. “We eat them with cream and sugar.” 
After spending all day putting in a new cement walk, Mr. Sullivan was horrified to see his kids using sticks to write their names in it.  After screaming viciously at the kids, he came back inside, only to find his wife scowling.  “How could you do that?” she asked. “It’s just a walkway, and – don’t you love your kids?”  Her husband said, “In the abstract, yes.  But not in the concrete.” 
This administration has conclusively discovered how to deal wit the deficit. It’s a skill, which requires addition and distraction. 
After years in the work force, someone finally concluded that an employer is someone who’s late when you’re early and early when you’re late.
Two goats wandered into the junkyard and had a field day.  One of them spent a particularly long time bent over a spool of film.  When he was finished, the other goat came over.    “So, did you enjoy the film?”  The goat replied, “To tell you the truth, I liked the book better.” 
“Doctor,” said the patient, “I need help! I can’t stop acting like a cat!” “How long have you had this problem?” the doctor asked. “Lest’s see,” said the patient,  “Mom had the litter in ’41… 
Approaching the woman at a single’s bar, the young man said, “Hi cookie.  How about a date?” “Forget it,” she said.  “I never go out with a perfect stranger.” “We are both in luck,” he said.  I’m far from perfect.” 
Answering the phone, the priest was surprised to hear the caller introduce herself as an IRS auditor. “But we do not pay taxes,” the priest said.  “It isn’t you, Father, it’s one of  your parishioner, Sean McCullough.  He indicates on his tax return that he gave a donation of  $15,000 to the church last year.  Is this, in fact, the truth?” The priest smiled broadly.  “The check hasn’t arrived yet, but I’m sure I’ll have it when I remind dear Sean.”  
A young girl was so nervous about the cruise that immediately after being shown to her cabin, she headed for the bar. Four hours later she bumped into a steward.  “ ‘Scuse me.’ She said hiccupping,  “I, I can’t seem to find my cabin.” “I’ll be glad to help you, ma’am.  What’s the number?” “I dunno,” she answered,  “but if you show me aroun’, I’ll recognize it from the lighthouse just outside the porthole.” 
It was Loomis’s day to walk about the grounds of the asylum. Pausing by the fence, he looked into the fields of the farmer next door. “Hey,” he yelled,  “what the heck are you doing?” “Spreading fertilizer on the strawberries,” replied the farmer. Shaking his head, Loomis says,  “Fella, you ought to have dessert here some time. “We eat them with cream and sugar.” 
A young woman greeted the census taker.  “Good morning,” said the caller, “I’m taking the census and I’d like to ask you a few questions. Occupation?” “Homemaker,” replied the woman. “Husband’s occupation?” “Manufacturer.” “Children?” “No,” said the woman. “Dresses.” 
Approaching the woman at a single’s bar, the young man said, “Hi cookie.  How about a date?” “Forget it,” she said.  “I never go out with a perfect stranger.” “We are both in luck,” he said.  I’m far from perfect.” 
A man had been crossing a street when a car slammed into him.  The pedestrian sued the motorist, whose lawyer made the following statement at the end of the trial.  “Your honor, my client was not at fault.  He has been driving a car for thirty years, and has never had an accident, nor gotten so much as a speeding ticket.  I do not think I need to say any more.” Unimpressed, the lawyer for the plaintiff rose.  “Your honor, since counsel insists on bringing up the matter of experience, may I remind the court that my client has been walking for over seventy years…” 
While giving a physical the doctor noticed that his patient’s shins were covered with dark bruises. “Tell me,” said the doctor, “do you play hockey or soccer?”  “Neither,” said the man. “My wife and I play bridge.” 
Called to the scene of a magnificent celestial display, the professor watched as a bright object dashed through the skies over New Mexico.  When he returned to his observatory, reporters asked him if what he had seen was really a UFO. Looking them straight in the eye, the impassive scientist replied, “No comet” 
“Doc!” the man yells. I’ve lost my memory!” “Calm down, sir.  When did this happen.” The man looked at him.  “When did what happen?” 
After spending all day putting in a new cement walk, Mr. Sullivan was horrified to see his kids using sticks to write their names in it.  After screaming viciously at the kids, he came back inside, only to find his wife scowling.  “How could you do that?” she asked. “It’s just a walkway, and – don’t you love your kids?”  Her husband said, “In the abstract, yes.  But not in the concrete.” 
After years in the work force, someone finally concluded that an employer is someone who’s late when you’re early and early when you’re late.
A down and out musician was playing his harmonica in the middle of a busy shopping mall.  Striding over, a policeman asked,  “May I please see your permit?”  I don’t have one,” confessed the musician.  “In that case, you’ll have to accompany me.” “Splendid!” exclaimed the musician.  “What shall we sing?” 
Answering the phone, the priest was surprised to hear the caller introduce herself as an IRS auditor. “But we do not pay taxes,” the priest said.  “It isn’t you, Father, it’s one of  your parishioner, Sean McCullough.  He indicates on his tax return that he gave a donation of  $15,000 to the church last year.  Is this, in fact, the truth?” The priest smiled broadly.  “The check hasn’t arrived yet, but I’m sure I’ll have it when I remind dear Sean.”  
“Doctor,” said the patient, “I need help! I can’t stop acting like a cat!” “How long have you had this problem?” the doctor asked. “Lest’s see,” said the patient,  “Mom had the litter in ’41… 
Tired of having to balance his wife Lucy’s checkbook, Bob made a deal with her; he would only look at it after she had spent a few hours trying to wrestle it into shape.  Only then would he lend his expertise. The following night, after spending hours poring over stubs and figures, the woman said proudly, “There! I’ve done it!  I made it balance!”   Impressed, Bob came over to take a look.    “Let’s see … mortgage 550.00…electricity 70.50…phone 35.00.”  His brow wrinkled as he read the last entry.  “It says here ESP, 615.00.  What the heck is that?” “Oh,” she said, “That means, Error Some Place.” 
After being arrested for robbery, Quinn hired the best lawyer in town. “Look,” the crook said, “I’ve got nearly a million in cash in my bank box. Can you get me off?” The lawyer said,  “Believe me, pal, you will never go to prison with that kind of money.” And sure enough, he did not.  He went to prison flat broke. 
A man had been crossing a street when a car slammed into him.  The pedestrian sued the motorist, whose lawyer made the following statement at the end of the trial.  “Your honor, my client was not at fault.  He has been driving a car for thirty years, and has never had an accident, nor gotten so much as a speeding ticket.  I do not think I need to say any more.” Unimpressed, the lawyer for the plaintiff rose.  “Your honor, since counsel insists on bringing up the matter of experience, may I remind the court that my client has been walking for over seventy years…” 
This administration has conclusively discovered how to deal wit the deficit. It’s a skill, which requires addition and distraction. 
The drill sergeant making his morning announcements to a group of newcomers in a training camp, stated: "Today, gentlemen, I have some good news and some bad news. First, the good news Private Peters will be setting the pace on our morning run.”  With this the platoon was overjoyed, as Private Peters was overweight and terribly slow. But then the drill sergeant finished his statement: "Now for the bad news. Private Peters will be driving a truck." 
The drill sergeant making his morning announcements to a group of newcomers in a training camp, stated: "Today, gentlemen, I have some good news and some bad news. First, the good news Private Peters will be setting the pace on our morning run.”  With this the platoon was overjoyed, as Private Peters was overweight and terribly slow. But then the drill sergeant finished his statement: "Now for the bad news. Private Peters will be driving a truck." 
Did you hear about the classical pianist who was not a good speller?  When she went out to buy something she left a sign on her door that said: "Out Chopin.  Be Bach in a minuet"
A man went to a bank and gave them 60 000$ worth of bonds to hold for him and he asked to take out a loan of 1$. The next year he came back to the bank to get his bonds and the accountant asked him "If you have all that money in bonds, why did you need to borrow 1$." The man replied, “Do you know any other way I can use a safety deposit box for only 7 cents a year?"  
Customer: What does this fly at the bottom of my cup mean? Waiter: It means that the fly does not know how to swim! 
A policeman finds someone crawling on all fours in the middle of the street. The cop approaches him and asks him, "What on earth do you think you’re doing?" The man on the floor replies, “I’ve lost it." The policeman asks him curiously, "lost what?" The man on the floor answers, "well (hiccup) my balance sir."
A woodpecker was pecking a whole in a tree. All of a sudden, a flash of lightening struck the tree to the ground! The woodpecker looked bemused for a moment and then said: "Gee, I guess I don't know my own strength!"
What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer 
How do you stop a rhinoceros from charging? Take away its credit card 
Did you hear about the red ship and the blue ship that collided? The survivors were marooned. 
If FedEx and Ups merged, would they call it Fed UP?
How old is your Granddad? “I don’t know, but we’ve had him a long time.” 
When Mr. Maxwell’s wife left him he couldn’t sleep. “She took the bed!” 
“Will you love me when I’m old and ugly?” “Darling, of course I do.” 
Why did the teacher have to wear sunglasses? Because his pupils were so bright 
“Does your teacher like you?” “I think so.  She keeps putting Kisses on my homework.” 
Why couldn’t the butterfly go to the dance? Because it was a moth-ball. 
Which fly captured the ladybird? The dragonfly. 
Did you hear about the chicken that wanted to take ballet lessons? “He wanted to be a hentertainer.” 
Why did the electrician close early on Mondays? Because business was very light. 
Why are cemeteries in the middle of towns? Because they’re the dead centers. 
Why did the doughnut maker retire? He was fed up with the hole business. 
Why are hairdressers so well paid? Because they have lots of fringe benefits. 
Where do birds meet for coffee? “In a nest-café.” 
Why are Saturday and Sunday so strong? Because the rest are weekdays. 
Why didn’t anyone take the school bus to school? I wouldn’t fit through the door. 
Why is a psychiatrist like a squirrel? Because they are both surrounded by nuts. 
Why did the archaeologist go bankrupt? Because his career was in ruins. 
Waiter! Waiter! This coffee tastes like soil. Yes, sir, it was ground this morning. 
Waiter! Waiter! Do you have frog’s legs? No, sir it’s just the way I’m standing. 
Waiter! Waiter! Do you have frog’s legs? No, sir it’s just the way I’m standing. 
Waiter! Waiter! This salad is frozen solid. Yes, sir. It’s the iceberg lettuce that does it. 
What happened when the barman died? The police held an inn-quest 
What do cars do at the disco? Brake dance. 
What do romantic vampires do? Neck 
Which painter always had a very bad cold? Vincent Van Cough 
Why was the math book sad? It had so many problems. 
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Lady, this vacuum cleaner will cut your work in half. Good. I’ll take two of them. 
What did the tie say to the hat? You go on ahead, I’ll just hang around 
What do you give a deer with an upset stomach? Elkaseltzer. 
Why do bagpipers always walk when they play? To get away from the noise 
What do you call a man who’s lost 75% of his intelligence? Divorced. 
Why were all the ink spots crying? Their father was in the pen. 
Men don’t get lost; they discover alternative destinations.
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book?  They all have phones. 
Everyone has a photographic memory.  Some people are just out of film.
Marriage is nature’s way of preventing people from fighting with strangers.
A man exercises by sucking his stomach in every time he sees a beautiful woman
Why did Dorothy get lost in Oz? She had three men giving her directions. 
What did the bee say to the flower? “Hey bud, when do you open? 
What's the difference between ignorance and indifference? I don't know and I don't care!
What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer 
How do you stop a rhinoceros from charging? Take away its credit card 
Did you hear about the red ship and the blue ship that collided? The survivors were marooned. 
If FedEx and Ups merged, would they call it Fed UP?
How old is your Granddad? “I don’t know, but we’ve had him a long time.” 
When Mr. Maxwell’s wife left him he couldn’t sleep. “She took the bed!” 
“Will you love me when I’m old and ugly?” “Darling, of course I do.” 
Why did the teacher have to wear sunglasses? Because his pupils were so bright 
“Does your teacher like you?” “I think so.  She keeps putting Kisses on my homework.” 
Why couldn’t the butterfly go to the dance? Because it was a moth-ball. 
Which fly captured the ladybird? The dragonfly. 
Did you hear about the chicken that wanted to take ballet lessons? “He wanted to be a hentertainer.” 
Where do birds meet for coffee? “In a nest-café.” 
Why are Saturday and Sunday so strong? Because the rest are weekdays. 
Why didn’t anyone take the school bus to school? I wouldn’t fit through the door. 
Why is a psychiatrist like a squirrel? Because they are both surrounded by nuts. 
Why did the electrician close early on Mondays? Because business was very light. 
Why are cemeteries in the middle of towns? Because they’re the dead centers. 
Why did the doughnut maker retire? He was fed up with the hole business. 
Why are hairdressers so well paid? Because they have lots of fringe benefits. 
Why did the archaeologist go bankrupt? Because his career was in ruins. 
Waiter! Waiter! This coffee tastes like soil. Yes, sir, it was ground this morning. 
Waiter! Waiter! Do you have frog’s legs? No, sir it’s just the way I’m standing. 
What do romantic vampires do? Neck 
Which painter always had a very bad cold? Vincent Van Cough 
Why was the math book sad? It had so many problems. 
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Waiter! Waiter! Do you have frog’s legs? No, sir it’s just the way I’m standing. 
Waiter! Waiter! This salad is frozen solid. Yes, sir. It’s the iceberg lettuce that does it. 
What happened when the barman died? The police held an inn-quest 
What do cars do at the disco? Brake dance. 
Lady, this vacuum cleaner will cut your work in half. Good. I’ll take two of them. 
Why were all the ink spots crying? Their father was in the pen. 
Men don’t get lost; they discover alternative destinations.
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book?  They all have phones. 
Everyone has a photographic memory.  Some people are just out of film.
What did the tie say to the hat? You go on ahead, I’ll just hang around 
What do you give a deer with an upset stomach? Elkaseltzer. 
Why do bagpipers always walk when they play? To get away from the noise 
What do you call a man who’s lost 75% of his intelligence? Divorced. 
Marriage is nature’s way of preventing people from fighting with strangers.
A man exercises by sucking his stomach in every time he sees a beautiful woman
Why did Dorothy get lost in Oz? She had three men giving her directions. 
What did the bee say to the flower? “Hey bud, when do you open? 
I was taking my weekly trip to the ice cream store.  When I arrived cops surrounded the store & they had the store entrance sealed up.  I asked a cop who was standing near by what happened, he replied "we were called by a member of the public who entered the store to find the owner lying face down on the floor and he was covered from head to toe in syrup, nut sprinkles and chocolate sprinkles."  I asked what they thought happened and the cop replied, "He topped himself."
Teacher: If you had 20p in one trouser pocket and 60p in the other, what do you have? Pupil: Someone else’s trousers, miss. 
Q. What’s a definition of mixed Emotions? A. Seeing your mother in-law backing over a cliff in your new car. 
A voice on the office loudspeaker announced: "We will be testing the speaker system to make sure it will work properly in case of emergency."  All our confidence in this safety precaution faded when the voice added: "If you are unable to hear this announcement, please contact us." 
KNOW YOUR STATE MOTTO   Alabama: Hell Yes, We Have Electricity      Alaska: 11,623 Eskimos Can't Be Wrong!      Arizona: But It's A Dry Heat      Arkansas: Literacy Ain't Everything      California: By 30, Our Women Have More Plastic   Than Your Honda      Colorado: If You Don't Ski, Don't Bother      Connecticut: Like Massachusetts, Only The   Kennedy's Don't Own It Yet      Delaware: We Really Do Like The Chemicals In Our   Water      Florida: Ask Us About Our Grandkids      Georgia: We Put The "Fun" In Fundamentalist   Extremism      Hawaii: Haka Tiki Mou Sha'ami Leeki Toru   (Death To Mainland Scum, Leave Your Money)      Idaho: More Than Just Potatoes ...  Well Okay, We're Not, But The Potatoes Are Real Good      Illinois: Please Don't Pronounce the "S"      Indiana: 2 Billion Years Tidal Wave Free      Iowa: We Do Amazing Things With Corn      Kansas: First Of The Rectangle States      Kentucky: Five Million People; Fifteen Last Names      Louisiana:   We're Not ALL Drunken Cajun Wackos, But That's Our Tourism Campaign      Maine: We're Really Cold, But We Have Cheap Lobster      Maryland: If You Can Dream It, We Can Tax It      Massachusetts: Our Taxes Are Lower Than Sweden's (For Most Tax Brackets)      Michigan: First Line Of Defense &gt;From The Canadians     Minnesota: 10,000 Lakes... And 10,000,000,000,000 Mosquitoes      Mississippi: Come And Feel Better About Your Own State      Missouri: Your Federal Flood Relief Tax Dollars At Work      Montana: Land Of The Big Sky, The Unabomber, Right-wing Crazies, and Little Else      Nebraska: Ask About Our State Motto Contest      Nevada: Hookers and Poker!      New Hampshire: Go Away And Leave Us Alone      New Jersey: You Want A ##$%##! Motto? I Got Yer  ##$%##! Motto Right Here!      New Mexico: Lizards Make Excellent pets      New York: You Have The Right To Remain Silent; You Have The Right To an Attorney      North Carolina: Tobacco Is A Vegetable      North Dakota: We Really Are One Of The 50 States!      Ohio: At Least We're Not Michigan      Oklahoma: Like The Play, Only No Singing      Oregon: Spotted Owl... It's What's For Dinner...      Pennsylvania: Cook With Coal      Rhode Island: We're Not REALLY An Island      South Carolina: Remember The Civil War? We Didn’t Actually Surrender      South Dakota: Closer Than North Dakota      Tennessee: The Educashun State      Texas: Si' Hablo Ing'les (Yes, I Speak English)      Utah: Our Jesus Is Better Than Your Jesus      Vermont: Yep      Virginia: Who Says Government Stiffs And Slack jaw Yokels Don't Mix?      Washington: Help! Nerds And Slackers Overrun Us!      Washington, D.C.: Wanna Be Mayor?      West Virginia: One Big Happy Family... Really!      Wisconsin: Come Cut The Cheese      Wyoming: Where Men Are Men ... and the sheep are scared 
A man was walking on the beach one day and he found a bottle half buried in the sand. He decided to open it. Inside was a genie. The genie said,” I will grant you three wishes and three wishes only." The man thought about his first wish and decided, “I think I want 1 million dollars transferred to a Swiss bank account. POOF! Next he wished for a Ferrari red in color. POOF! There was the car sitting in front of him. He asked for his final wish, " I wish I was irresistible to women." POOF! He turned into a box of chocolates.
My Dear Sirs;  In reply to your request to send a check, I wish to inform you that the present condition of my bank account makes it almost impossible. My shattered financial condition is due to federal laws, state laws, county laws, city laws, corporation laws, liquor laws, mother-in-laws, brother-in-laws, sister-in-laws, outlaws, and blue laws.  Through these laws I am compelled to pay a business tax, amusement tax, head tax, school tax, gas tax, light tax, sales tax, liquor tax, carpet tax, income tax, food tax, furniture tax, and excise tax, even my brains are taxed.  I am required to get a business license, car license, hunting and fishing license, truck license, not to mention a marriage license, and a dog license.  I am also required to contribute to every society and organization which the genius of man is capable to bringing to life. To the women’s relief, unemployed relief, and gold diggers relief; also to every hospital and charitable institution in the city including the black cross, the blue cross, the purple cross, and the double cross.  For my own safety I am required to carry a life insurance, property insurance, liability insurance, burglar insurance, accident insurance, business insurance, earthquake insurance, tornado insurance, unemployment insurance, old age and fire insurance.  My business is so governed that it is no easy matter for me to find out who owns it. I am inspected, suspected, disrespected, rejected, dejected, examined, informed, required, summoned, commanded, and compelled, until I’ve provided an in-exhaustible supply of money for every known need of the human race.  Simply because I refuse to donate to something-or other I am boycotted, talked about, lied about, held up, held down, and robbed until I am almost ruined. I can tell you honestly that except for the miracle that happened I could not enclose this check. The wolf that comes to many doors these days just had pups in my kitchen. I sold them and … here is your money! 
One night, while on foot patrol, a Police officer approached a local bar. Through the door stumbled a drunk who promptly fell on his backside. He lay on the ground with his eyes closed. Upon opening his eyes, he sees the Officer looking down at him.  He says,"Osifer, did you see me fall!"  The Officer says,"Yeah, I did."  The drunk asks, “Do you know who I am?"  "Nope." Comes the reply.  "Well,” says the drunk, “Then how do you know it was me that fell?" 
Holidays around the precinct are always lively, especially in the 911 areas.  One particular night, a drunk calls in, and the following communication began:  "911, what is your emergency?"  "Osifer, I've been robbed!" "Can you be more specific sir?" "Osifer, someone stole my steering wheel, my gas pedal and my brake pedal." "Could you please repeat that sir?" By now there's a crowd gathering around the dispatcher's chair. "Yes, shur. Someone stole my gas pedal, my brake pedal and my steering wheel." "Sir, what is your location?" "I'm in my car." "Sir, could you explain to me exactly where your car is located?" "Yes, shur. I'm on Baker Street. Uh, 488 Baker!" "Alright, sir, we'll send officers out to investigate it. Try to stay calm." The phone call ends at this point but not five minutes later another call comes in.  "911, what is your emergency?" "Osifer?" "Yes, what is your emergency please?" "Osifer, this is me again. I just found my steering wheel, my gas pedal and my brake pedal." "Okay, sir. Are you still needing assistance?" "No, shur, I was just in the back seat." 
  A middle-aged woman had a heart attack and was taken to the   hospital. While on the operating table, she had a near death   experience. Seeing God, she asked, "Is my time up?" God said, "No, you   have another 43 years, two months and eight days to live." Upon  recovery, the woman decided to stay in the hospital and have a face-lift,   liposuction and tummy tuck. Since she had so much more time to live, she   figured she might as well look even nicer. After her last operation, she   was released from the hospital. While crossing the street on her way  home, an ambulance killed her. Arriving in front of God, she demanded,  "I thought you said I had another 40 years? Why didn't you pull me out of  the path of that ambulance?" God replied, "Girl, I didn't recognize you” 
A beggar goes door-to-door looking for food, he rang on one door and a person comes out: -What do you want? Can I have some food? -Do you mind if it is from yesterday? Of course not -So, come back tomorrow! 
One cold winter day on lake Erie, two guys were fishing about 20 feet apart through the ice. One guy wasn't having any luck. The other guy was pulling out fish every time he put his line in the water. This made the other guy curious. "Hey," he yelled to the other, "what are you using for bait??" The other guy yelled back, "Mfff Mfff Ogghh Mfft Offt Berr Wttt" The one guy was very puzzled and said, "WHAT?" And again the other guy yelled back, "Mfff Mfff Ogghh Mfft Offt Berr Wttt" Finally the guy had to know what the other guy was saying so he got up and walk over to him and said, "What the hell did you say?" And then the guy spit something into his hands and said, "You have to keep your bait warm" 
A widower who never paid any attention to his wife while she was alive now found himself missing her desperately. He went to a psychic to see if he could contact his late wife. The psychic went into a trance. A strange breeze wafted through the darkened room, and suddenly, the man heard the unmistakable voice of his dearly departed wife. "Honey!" he cried. "Is that you?" "Yes, my husband." "Are you happy?" "Yes, my husband." "Happier than you were with me?" "Yes, my husband." "Then Heaven must be an amazing place!" "I'm not in Heaven, dear."
George Washington probably did not chop down his father's cherry tree.  George Washington probably did not admit it by saying, “I cannot tell a lie!"  But people often repeat this story because it shows Washington's honesty.  One day, Little Suzy once asked her mother, "Mom, do people who never tell lies go to heaven?"  "Yes", her mother answered, "they are the only ones."  "Gosh, I bet it gets lonesome up there with just God and George Washington!” replied Little Suzy.
This little boy was walking to school when he found a frog.  He picked the frog up and went to school.  When he got to school, he sat the frog up on his desk and his teacher freaked out.  "What is that?????” she asked him.  "It's a deaf frog, Ma'am", answered the little boy.  "What, what, what???  How do you know it is a deaf frog???” screamed the teacher.  "I pissed in his ear and he didn't move", said the boy truthfully.  "What, what, what, what do you mean you pissed in his ear and he didn't move????” she asked in an outrage.  "Just like I said, I leaned over, I went PSSSSTTTT, in his ear and he didn't move!"
A man was sitting at an interview, in his new suit, looking his very best. As he put his hands down to make a point, he and his interviewer noticed the price tag was still attached to the sleeve. "Well", the man said, "at least I can take the suit back if I don't get the job.
If a fire hydrant has H2O on the inside what is on the outside? K9p 
Q: Why did the cook get fired from his job? A: Because he beat the eggs and whipped the cream.
 Two aliens landed their ship on a golf course and watched a young man golfing.  First he hit it into the high grass, mumbling and cursing he retrieved his ball.  Then he hit it into the sand bunker shouting curse words he retrieved the ball.  Next he hit a perfect hole in one, then the first alien said to the second, "Uh-oh cover your ears he's going to be really mad now"!   
A young woman came back from her honeymoon and called her mother. Mama, I need to see you right away. The mother ran over to her daughter’s house. The daughter said, Mama I have to leave my husband, I just can't stay with him. The mother advised her daughter” now look here, your married to him now so you need to stay with him. But mama, he says these things, these things. No matter my dear daughter he is your husband and your place is by his side. But mama, you don't understand that he says these things, these. So the mother asked her daughter what things the husband is saying. Mama, he says, wash clothes, cook dinner & iron clothes. The mother quickly said, pack your bags, your going back home.
Little Billy wanted $100 badly and prayed for two weeks but nothing happened.  Then he decided to write God a letter requesting the $100. When the postal authorities received the letter addressed to God, USA, they decided to send it to President Bush.  The President was so impressed, touched, and amused that he instructed his secretary to send Billy a $5.00 bill.  President Bush thought this would appear to be a lot of money to a little boy.  Billy was delighted with the $5.00 and sat down to write a thank you note to God, which read:  Dear God,  Thank you very much for sending the money, however, I noticed that for some reason you had to send it through Washington D.C. and, as usual, those crooks deducted $95.00. Thanks, Billy   
1. You know you're over the hill when you are arranging your hair instead of combing it. 2. You know you're over the hill when your idea of a good workout is standing up. 3. You know you're over the hill when you start picking your teeth out of the popcorn. 
Boy: Did you eat Lucky Charms this morning? Girl: No, why? Boy: Cause you're looking magically delicious! 
Guidance Counselor:   " Where do you see yourself in ten years?"   Student:  " In a mirror...duh."
An attorney, anxious to impress the judge with the detail, asked the following line of questions of a doctor who had recently performed an autopsy.  Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?  A: No. Q: Did you check for blood pressure?  A: No.  Q: Did you check for breathing?  A: No.  Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?  A: No.  Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?  A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.  Q: But could the patient have still been alive, nevertheless?  A: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere. 
A couple was having a party at their house. An hour before the party the woman found out that she still needed escargots. So she sent her husband out to get it. He was walking to the supermarket and he figured he had lots of time. So he stopped at the bar on the way.  An hour and a half later he looked at his watch and realized that the party had already started. He quickly ran to the market, bought the snails and ran home. He tried to sneak into the kitchen without his wife seeing him. But at that moment his wife came out.   He quickly threw the snails on the floor and said, "Come on guys, we're almost there."
There once was an old man who was about to die. He told his wife to put a bag of money in the attic "When I die I'll get it on my way up." chuckled the old man. Well when the old man died the wife went up to the attic and found that the bag of money was still there. "I knew I should have put that money in the cellar!" said the old woman.
A couple attended marriage counseling to resolve communication problems.  The fighting and bickering during the session was so bad the counselor called for a timeout and told them he was ending the session early but had an assignment for the husband.    “John,” the marriage counselor said, “you’re an athletic guy… here’s what I want you to do.  I want you to jog 10 miles everyday for the next 30 days.  At the end of the 30 days call me and let me know how things are going.”  John agreed.  At the end of the 30 days, John called the marriage counselor very excited.  “I did just as you said and I have never felt better in my life!” he exclaimed over the phone.  “Great!” replied the counselor, “ And how’s your wife?”  John paused and then replied with agitated dismay, “How should I know, I’m 300 miles from home!” 
My son's kindergarten class was asked to draw self-portraits for a class project.  My son of course followed the instructions but as he proudly  passed in his "Monet” the teacher was astonished - He had drawn himself Naked...  The Teacher called him to her desk and asked "Jordan, What is this?" He replied, "If you don't know what it is then I'm not going to tell you." 
Doctor: "Good news you passed your hearing test!" Patient: "HUH" 
A contractor hired two brothers to install home siding. He demonstrated the process and sent them off to their first job. Things were going smoothly when the older brother saw that his younger brother was throwing nails away. He asked; "why are you throwing those nails away?" The younger brother replied, " The heads are on the wrong end." The older brother laughed, " Those are for the other side of the house." 
This guy went to see a highly recommend psychiatrist. The doctor showed the man an inkblot and asked, "What does this remind you of?"   The guy replied, "A naked woman." Then the shrink showed the man another inkblot and asked the guy the same question. The guy responded, "A naked woman on a bed." This went on and on, inkblot after inkblot.   The psychiatrist finally said to the guy, "You are a sick pervert." The guy replied, "I'm not the pervert here. You're the one who keeps showing me all those dirty pictures."  
Boy: Did you eat Lucky Charms this morning? Girl: No, why? Boy: Cause you're looking magically delicious! 
A man was sitting at an interview, in his new suit, looking his very best. As he put his hands down to make a point, he and his interviewer noticed the price tag was still attached to the sleeve. "Well", the man said, "at least I can take the suit back if I don't get the job.
Little Billy wanted $100 badly and prayed for two weeks but nothing happened.  Then he decided to write God a letter requesting the $100. When the postal authorities received the letter addressed to God, USA, they decided to send it to President Bush.  The President was so impressed, touched, and amused that he instructed his secretary to send Billy a $5.00 bill.  President Bush thought this would appear to be a lot of money to a little boy.  Billy was delighted with the $5.00 and sat down to write a thank you note to God, which read:  Dear God,  Thank you very much for sending the money, however, I noticed that for some reason you had to send it through Washington D.C. and, as usual, those crooks deducted $95.00. Thanks, Billy   
Three explorers became lost in the jungle and wandered for days with no food and little water.  One day, just as they were finally about to give up, they crawled into a clearing and there right in front of them stood a Cannibal's Restaurant.  Out front near the entrance was a large menu board.  With the little energy they had left, they dragged themselves across the clearing and looked up to see the following menu:    Par boiled Priest    $12.00   Roast Lion Hunter    $14.00   Steamed Politician  $198.50     They struggled in, dragged themselves to a table, and a waiter came to take their order.  Before they ordered, one of the explorers asked the waiter "Can you help me understand your menu?  The first two items are priced about the same, but the third item, the politician, is priced so much higher.  Why is that?"    "Are you kidding?" replied the waiter, "Did you ever try to clean one of those suckers?"    
By the time the soldier pulled into the little town, every hotel room was taken. "You've got to have a room somewhere", he pleaded with a proprietor. "Well, I do have a double room with one occupant, but he is an Air Force guy" admitted the manager, and he might be glad to split the cost. But to tell you the truth, he snores so loudly that people in adjoining rooms have complained in the past. I'm not sure it'd be worth it to you. " No problem." the tired Army guy assured him, "I'll take it." The next morning the soldier came down to breakfasts bright-eyed and bushy tailed. "How'd you sleep?" asked the manager.  "Never better", said the soldier. The manager was impressed. "No problem with the other guy snoring all night long?" "No, I shut him up in no time", explained the soldier. "How'd you manage that?" asked the proprietor. "Well, he was already in bed, snoring away, when I walked into the room, so I gave him a kiss on the cheek" explained the soldier. “Then, I whispered in his ear 'Good night beautiful', and he sat up all night watching me." 
Do you know what a mice said when it saw a bat? Mom ! I see an angel. 
This guy went to see a highly recommend psychiatrist. The doctor showed the man an inkblot and asked, "What does this remind you of?"   The guy replied, "A naked woman." Then the shrink showed the man another inkblot and asked the guy the same question. The guy responded, "A naked woman on a bed." This went on and on, inkblot after inkblot.   The psychiatrist finally said to the guy, "You are a sick pervert." The guy replied, "I'm not the pervert here. You're the one who keeps showing me all those dirty pictures."  
There once was an old man who was about to die. He told his wife to put a bag of money in the attic "When I die I'll get it on my way up." chuckled the old man. Well when the old man died the wife went up to the attic and found that the bag of money was still there. "I knew I should have put that money in the cellar!" said the old woman.
1. You know you're over the hill when you are arranging your hair instead of combing it. 2. You know you're over the hill when your idea of a good workout is standing up. 3. You know you're over the hill when you start picking your teeth out of the popcorn. 
A couple was having a party at their house. An hour before the party the woman found out that she still needed escargots. So she sent her husband out to get it. He was walking to the supermarket and he figured he had lots of time. So he stopped at the bar on the way. An hour and a half later he looked at his watch and realized that the party had already started. He quickly ran to the market, bought the snails and ran home. He tried to sneak into the kitchen without his wife seeing him. But at that moment his wife came out. He quickly threw the snails on the floor and said, "Come on guys, we're almost there."
An attorney, anxious to impress the judge with the detail, asked the following line of questions of a doctor who had recently performed an autopsy.  Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?  A: No. Q: Did you check for blood pressure?  A: No.  Q: Did you check for breathing?  A: No.  Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?  A: No.  Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?  A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.  Q: But could the patient have still been alive, nevertheless?  A: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere. 
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of corn. The farmer who lived nearby heard the noise and yelled over to the boy, "Hey Willis forget your troubles. Come in and visit with us. I'll help you get the wagon up later."  "That's mighty nice of you," Willis answered, "but I don't think Pa would like me to."  "Aw come on boy," the farmer insisted.  "Well okay," the boy finally agreed, and added, "but Pa won't like it."  After a hearty dinner, Willis thanked his host. "I feel a lot better now, but I know Pa is going to be real upset."  "Don't be foolish!" the neighbor said with a smile. "By the way, where is he?"  "Under the wagon." 
A pilot landed a plane with a rather bumpy landing. As part of his job he was required to stand by the terminal door and say goodbye to the passengers as they exited the airplane. He was afraid that someone might say something about his rather less than perfect landing, but everyone left without saying a word except for one passenger, an elderly lady, she slowly approached the pilot after most passengers had exited the plane and asked, "Did we land? Or were we shot down?"
A giraffe walks into a bar and the bartender asks, “Do you want a longneck?" The giraffe replied, “Do I have a choice?" 
Bob and Tom both like to golf. One day Bob went to Tom and said, "Hey look at this great ball!" Tom replied, "What’s so great about it?" Bob said, "Well if you lose it, it will beep until you find it, and if it goes into the water it will float. This ball is impossible to lose!" "Wow!", said Tom, "Where did you get that from?" Bob replied, "I found it."
A man walked up to a school and said "can you teach me to read and write" The administrator said, "Yes we can"! Just fill out this form." 
"Well," snarled the tough old sergeant to the bewildered private. "I suppose after you get discharged from the Army, you'll just be waiting for me to die so you can come and spit on my grave."  "Not me, Serge!" the private replied. "Once I get out of the Army, I'm  never going to stand in line again!" 
Q. What did the salt say to the pepper? A. Hey Baby, what's SHAKING!
It was Halloween night... A man was walking home from work when he heard thump noises behind him. He turned around and saw a coffin following him. He was scared and started to run, the coffin kept right up with him. He got to his house ran through the front door, locked it and ran upstairs. The coffin busted through the front door and followed the man upstairs. The man ran for his life and then locked himself in the bathroom. The coffin burst into the bathroom. The man totally freaked out reached into the medicine cabinet and grabbed what he could find. What he grabbed was cough drops. He threw the cough drops at the coffin and the coffin stopped.
A pilot landed a plane with a rather bumpy landing. As part of his job he was required to stand by the terminal door and say goodbye to the passengers as they exited the airplane. He was afraid that someone might say something about his rather less than perfect landing, but everyone left without saying a word except for one passenger, an elderly lady, she slowly approached the pilot after most passengers had exited the plane and asked, "Did we land? Or were we shot down?"
A giraffe walks into a bar and the bartender asks, “Do you want a longneck?" The giraffe replied, “Do I have a choice?" 
During training exercises, the Lieutenant driving down a muddy back road encountered another car stuck in the mud with a red-faced colonel at the wheel.  "Your jeep stuck, sir?" asked the Lieutenant as he pulled alongside.  "Nope," replied the Colonel, coming over and handing him the keys, "Yours is." 
The animals were bored. Finally, the lion had an idea. "I know a really exciting game that the humans play called football. I've seen it on T.V."   He proceeded to describe it to the rest of the animals and they all got excited about it so they decided to play. They went out to the field and chose up teams and were ready to begin.   The lion's team received. They were able to get two first downs and then had to punt. The mule punted and the rhino was back deep for the kick. He caught the ball, lowered his head and charged. First, he crushed a roadrunner, then two rabbits. He gored a wildebeest, knocked over two cows, and broke through to daylight, scoring six.   Unfortunately, they lacked a place-kicker, and the score remained 6 - 0.   Late in the first half the lion's team scored a touchdown and the mule kicked the extra point. The lion's team led at halftime 7 - 6. In the locker room, the lion gave a pep talk. "Look you guys. We can win this game. We've got the lead and they only have one real threat. We've got to keep the ball away from the rhino, he's a killer. Mule, when you kick off be sure to keep it away from the rhino."   The second half began. Just as the mule was about to kick off, the rhino's team changed formation and the ball went directly to the rhino. Once again, the rhino lowered his head and was off running. First, he stomped two gazelles. He skewered a zebra, and bulldozed an elephant out of the way. It looked like he was home free. Suddenly at the twenty-yard line, he dropped over dead. There were no other animals in sight anywhere near him. The lion went over to see what had happened. Right next to the dead rhino he saw a small centipede.   "Did you do this?" he asked the centipede.   "Yeah, I did." the centipede replied.   The lion retorted, "Where were you during the first half?"   "I was putting on my shoes."   
Teacher: Farai, what are the two days of the week, which start with letter "T"? Farai: Today and tomorrow Sir. 
A famous lawyer, who had been a public defender for years, dies. He finds himself standing at the back of an enormous queue outside the gates of Heaven. The queue before him is enormous. The number of people who die in a single day appalls him. He can barely see St Peter sitting up on a podium outside the gates with a large book. Every now and then St Peter glances down the queue to see how he is going.  Suddenly he catches the eye of the lawyer. He looks very surprised. He jumps down from the podium and comes running along the line until slightly out of breath he arrives beside the lawyer. He embraces him. He pulls him out of the queue and motions for him to come to the front of the queue. Another person questions what is happening and another angel speaks to the person. Word is passed along the queue and the lawyer is surprised, as people start nodding and clapping. He becomes embarrassed by all the attention and asks St Peter why he is getting the special attention. St Peter stops suddenly and looks concerned. "You are a lawyer aren't you?' "Yes" the lawyer replies. "Does this happen to all lawyers in heaven?" "Oh, no, "Said St Peter. "It's just you are the first one to ever get here." 
 This little snail bought a little car and took it to the body shop to have it painted. The service man asked him exactly what he wanted done, and the snail said he wanted little S's painted all around and all over his car. The service man asked him why, and the snail answered "When people see me in my car I want them to say, look at that S-Car-Go!"
Guy: I hope I don't get a cake on my birthday.   Girl: Why?  Guy:  Because I wouldn't be able to blow the candles out. Girl: Why?  Guy:  Because you just took my breath away! 
Q.  What’s the difference between a man and a government bond? A.  Bonds mature. 
A history teacher and his wife were sitting at a table, the wife asked “Anything new at work”, and he replied", no, I am teaching History".
Bob and Tom both like to golf. One day Bob went to Tom and said, "Hey look at this great ball!" Tom replied, "What’s so great about it?" Bob said, "Well if you lose it, it will beep until you find it, and if it goes into the water it will float. This ball is impossible to lose!" "Wow!", said Tom, "Where did you get that from?" Bob replied, "I found it."
Guy: I hope I don't get a cake on my birthday.   Girl: Why?  Guy:  Because I wouldn't be able to blow the candles out. Girl: Why?  Guy:  Because you just took my breath away! 
It was Halloween night... A man was walking home from work when he heard thump noises behind him. He turned around and saw a coffin following him. He was scared and started to run, the coffin kept right up with him. He got to his house ran through the front door, locked it and ran upstairs. The coffin busted through the front door and followed the man upstairs. The man ran for his life and then locked himself in the bathroom. The coffin burst into the bathroom. The man totally freaked out reached into the medicine cabinet and grabbed what he could find. What he grabbed was cough drops. He threw the cough drops at the coffin and the coffin stopped.
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of corn. The farmer who lived nearby heard the noise and yelled over to the boy, "Hey Willis forget your troubles. Come in and visit with us. I'll help you get the wagon up later."  "That's mighty nice of you," Willis answered, "but I don't think Pa would like me to."  "Aw come on boy," the farmer insisted.  "Well okay," the boy finally agreed, and added, "but Pa won't like it."  After a hearty dinner, Willis thanked his host. "I feel a lot better now, but I know Pa is going to be real upset."  "Don't be foolish!" the neighbor said with a smile. "By the way, where is he?"  "Under the wagon." 
Christopher Columbus was the first ever-successful politician of the world because he didn’t know where he was going, he didn’t know where he was when he got there, and he did all of it only on borrowed money!
Erica is walking out of a movie theater at the same time as a man with a parrot on his shoulder. Erica turns to the man and says, "Your parrot actually seemed to understand the movie. It looked around during the boring parts, it paid close attention to the dramatic parts, it even squawked during the funny parts. I don't understand how that can be?"  The man turns to Erica and says, "I don't understand it either, he didn't like the book at all."
Q. Why does a chicken coup only have two doors? A. If it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan. 
Q: How do young wizards and witches correct their homework? A: They use a spell-checker.
There's a sadist and a masochist locked in a room. The sadist is starting to freak out and says please, please hit me. The masochist just smiles and says “no.”
Did you hear about the calendar thief? He got 12 months; they say his days are numbered! 
A man has to wear three rings in his life - Engagement ring - Wedding ring - SUFFERING 
 A man selling carpet called a home and a little boy with a whisper answered the phone the man introduced himself to the child and asked if he could speak to his father the little boy said, "no" the man asked why not? The little boy exclaimed, " He’s busy" so the man asked to speak with his mother, the little boy said, "no" the man asked why not?  The little boy said, “She's busy” so the man asked if there were any other grown ups in the house.  The little boy said, “ yes a policeman and a fireman” the man asked to speak to the policeman the little boy said, “no” He’s busy so the man asked to speak to the fireman and the little boy said, “no” He’s busy so the man puzzled said, there are four grownups in your house and they are all busy, do you mind if I ask what are they doing? The little boy still in a whisper says " yah they are looking for me"
Life is very short.  It’s only a 4-letter word.
Don't steal, the Government hates competition!
Do you know the difference between genius and stupid?  "Genius has its limits."
Eight men have been at a mental hospital for a period of time and are being tested to find out how they are progressing in order for them to leave the institution.  The doctor in charge takes them all into a room and with a ball pen draws a door on the wall and asks each one of the patients to try and open the door for him as part of the test.  Seven of them rushed out and attempted to open the door on the wall. The doctor was disappointed with the results but never the less call on the last one who was still sitting down and asked him why didn’t he stand up and try to open the door with the others.  The eighth man replied: “because I was holding the key to the door”
Q. Why did the spider cross the computer keyboard?  A. To get on the World Wide Web. 
Life is very short.  It’s only a 4-letter word.
Did you hear that they discovered a dope ring at the Antartian factory? It was 5 Antarians trying to read a blueprint
Did you hear about the Antartian parachute? It opens on impact.
Far away in the tropical waters of the Caribbean, two prawns were swimming around in the sea - one called Justin and the other called Christian. The prawns were constantly being harassed and threatened by sharks that patrolled the area.  Finally one day Justin said to Christian, "I'm bored and frustrated at being a prawn, I wish I was a shark, then I wouldn't have any worries about being eaten..."  As Justin had his mind firmly on becoming a predator, a mysterious cod appears and says, "Your wish is granted", and lo and behold, Justin turned into a shark. Horrified, Christian immediately swam away, Afraid of being eaten by his old mate.  Time went on (as it invariably does...) and Justin found himself becoming bored and lonely as a shark. All his old mates simply swam away whenever he came close to them. Justin didn't realize that his new menacing appearance was the cause of his sad plight. While out swimming alone one day he sees the mysterious cod again and can't believe his luck. Justin figured that the fish could change him back into a prawn. He begs the cod to change him back so, lo and behold, he is turned back into a prawn.  With tears of joy in his tiny little eyes, Justin swam back to his friends and bought them all a cocktail. (The punch line does not involve a prawn cocktail - it's much worse). Looking around the gathering at the reef, he searched for his old pal. "Where's Christian?" he asked.  “He's at home, distraught that his best friend changed sides to the enemy and became a shark", came the reply. Eager to put things right again and end the mutual pain and torture, he set off to Christian's house. As he opened the coral gate the memories came flooding back. He banged on the door and shouted, "It's me, Justin, your old friend, come out and see me again."  “Christian replied, "No way man, you'll eat me. You're a shark; the enemy and I'll not be tricked. " Justin cried back  "No, I'm not. That was the old me. I've changed."...(Wait for it) . . . ....."I've found Cod - I'm a prawn again Christian". . 
Nominated for quote of the year is the statement made by Texas Congressman Dick Armey when asked: "If you had been in President Clinton's place, would you have resigned?"  Armey responded: "If I were in the President's place, I would not have gotten a chance to resign. I would be laying in a pool of my own blood, looking up and listening to Mrs. Armey saying, "How do I reload this damn thing?" 
A border patrol officer is patrolling the border between the United States and Canada one night when a man drives up on a motorcycle.  The officer stops the man and asks, "What do you have in that backpack there?" The man replies, "Sand."  "Sand?" the officer says puzzled, "Please open the bag sir."  The man opens the bag and there is sand.  "Alright, you may go on your way then, the officer said with a puzzled look.”  The man then drives off into the darkness.  The next week, the same man on his motorcycle drives up to the same station that he did before.  He says that there is sand in the bag and, sure enough, there is.  The man drives up on a motorcycle with sand in his bag every week for a couple of months.  The officer starts to think, "This guy is trying to smuggle something and I am going to be the one that catches him."  The next time the man drives up to the station, the officer says, "I promise, I'm not going to arrest you.  But just tell me.  Are you trying to smuggle something or not?"  "Do you swear you won't take me in?" the man replies.  "I promise," says the officer.  "Well, I am ashamed to admit it but, I have been smuggling something," the man says.  The officer asks curiously, "What have you been smuggling?"  The man replies with a grin, "Motorcycles."
An old lady walked into a newspaper office. She approached an employee and said that her husband had died and that she would like to have an obituary appear in the paper. The employee gave her a form and told her to write the obituary on it. She wrote, "Earl W. Worth died Saturday, December 2nd at his home. Services are at The Baptist Church at 3 P.M." The employee looked at the form and said, "I'm sorry, ma'am, but obituaries are limited to 7 words apiece. The woman took another form and wrote, "Earl died. '57 Chevy truck for sale."
There are only two rings in marriage, “the wedding ring" and "the suffering
Knock-Knock  Who's there? Alex Alex who? Alex plain later! 
Why was the cat afraid of the tree?   Because of the tree bark. 
One day a string was walking down the street.  He was really thirsty and decided to get a drink at a nearby bar.  So he walks up to the bar tender and says, "I'd like a beer, please."  The bartender looks at him like he's crazy and says, "I can't serve you, you're a string.  Go on.  Get out of here."  So the string goes outside and thinks of a way to look more like a person.  He knots himself toward the top and frays the string to look like a head with hair.  He goes back inside and tries again.  The bartender says suspiciously, "Hey, aren't you the string that was just in here a few minutes ago?"  The string replies, "I'm afraid not!"                                                               (I'm a frayed knot 
Man: Excuse me Miss are you from Hollywood? Woman: Why? Man: Because you are the only "Star" I see!
A guy comes home from work, runs into the living room, and flops down in front of the TV.  He quickly turns it on and starts flipping through the channels.  His wife walks into the living room and the guys says to her, "Wife, hurry up and get me a beer before it starts!"  The wife goes to the fridge, cracks a beer and gives it to her husband.  The husband slams down the beer, gives her the empty, and tells her, "Hurry up and get me another one!  It's gonna start soon!"  The wife goes to the fridge, gets another beer, cracks it open, and takes it to her husband.  The guy slams the beer again, gives her the empty, and says, "Hurry up and get me 1 more beer, it's gonna start ANY minute!"  The wife, getting upset, goes to the fridge, gets him a beer, cracks it open, gives it to her husband and says "You know, all you ever do around here is come home from work, sit in front of the TV, bark orders at me, drink beer...............” The guy, hearing his wife complaining, sips his beer, sighs, and says, "YEP, IT'S STARTED!"
Dave and Tom are fishing on a lake. After about an hour when neither of them had a bite, Dave decided to row to the middle part of the lake; where they were very successful TOM:  This is a great spot for fishing Dave we'll have to mark this spot so we can come back here tomorrow. DAVE:  I know,  we'll put an X on the side of the boat to mark the spot. TOM:  Don't be silly Dave that's no good we might have a different boat tomorrow. 
The frontier preacher was giving the traditional sermon on sin. "We should take all the whiskey and dump it in the river!" Back in the back of the church, a little old lady with a bonnet on stood up and shouted, "Amen, Amen!" and sat back down. The preacher smiled and continued, "And we should take all the sinful lust and dump it in the river!" The little old lady jumped up and shouted, "Amen, Amen, Amen!” then sat back down. The preacher excitedly hollered, "And we should take all of the snuff in this world and dump it in the river!" And the little old lady stood up and said, "Now you've stopped preaching and started meddling’!"
One day a woman watching the news saw this lady talking about a car driving on the wrong side of the road during rush hour. The woman realized her husband was driving on that same road! She ran to her phone to call him and tell him what she had seen on the news. When she got a hold of him he replied, “yes there are a lot of them on the wrong the wrong side..."
What goes up and never comes down? Your age  1 egg takes 5 minutes to boil. How long does 10 eggs take to boil? The same 5 minutes.  How many times does a tailor have to cut 100 yards of cloth to get 100 equal pieces? 99 times. You don’t cut the last piece, it is already there  What side of the teacup is the handle on? I really don't know the answer  Which is heavier? 1 pound of hay or 1pound of metal. Which is heavier? They both weigh a pound  Peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers, Peter piper picked. If Peter piper picked a peck of pickled peckers, how many peckers did Peter piper picked? How many Ps are there in THAT? None...H...A...T.....there are NO P's in the word THAT  What has 100 eyes and cannot see? A potato  Two Indians standing on a bridge. One is the father of the other ones son. What is the relation between the two Indians? Mother and Father  What has NO legs and CAN run? Water  
A cowboy rides into town on Friday, stays three days and leaves on Friday how does he do it?  The horses name is Friday 
Why is Cinderella a bad soccer player?   She always runs away from the ball!
Knock-Knock  Who's there? Alex Alex who? Alex plain later! 
There are only two rings in marriage, “the wedding ring" and "the suffering
What goes up and never comes down? Your age  1 egg takes 5 minutes to boil. How long does 10 eggs take to boil? The same 5 minutes.  How many times does a tailor have to cut 100 yards of cloth to get 100 equal pieces? 99 times. You don’t cut the last piece, it is already there  What side of the teacup is the handle on? I really don't know the answer  Which is heavier? 1 pound of hay or 1pound of metal. Which is heavier? They both weigh a pound  Peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers, Peter piper picked. If Peter piper picked a peck of pickled peckers, how many peckers did Peter piper picked? How many Ps are there in THAT? None...H...A...T.....there are NO P's in the word THAT  What has 100 eyes and cannot see? A potato  Two Indians standing on a bridge. One is the father of the other ones son. What is the relation between the two Indians? Mother and Father  What has NO legs and CAN run? Water  
One day a string was walking down the street.  He was really thirsty and decided to get a drink at a nearby bar.  So he walks up to the bar tender and says, "I'd like a beer, please."  The bartender looks at him like he's crazy and says, "I can't serve you, you're a string.  Go on.  Get out of here."  So the string goes outside and thinks of a way to look more like a person.  He knots himself toward the top and frays the string to look like a head with hair.  He goes back inside and tries again.  The bartender says suspiciously, "Hey, aren't you the string that was just in here a few minutes ago?"  The string replies, "I'm afraid not!"                                                               (I'm a frayed knot 
A man placed some flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother and started back toward his car when his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a grave.  The man seemed to be praying with profound intensity and kept repeating, Why did you have to die? Why did you have to die?"  The first man approached him and said, "Sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief, but this demonstration of pain is more than I've ever seen before. For whom do you mourn so deeply? A child? A parent?"  The mourner took a moment to collect himself, then replied, "My wife's first husband." 
Q. What is it called when you dream in color?  A. A pigment of your imagination
Why was the cat afraid of the tree?   Because of the tree bark. 
An old lady walked into a newspaper office. She approached an employee and said that her husband had died and that she would like to have an obituary appear in the paper. The employee gave her a form and told her to write the obituary on it. She wrote, "Earl W. Worth died Saturday, December 2nd at his home. Services are at The Baptist Church at 3 P.M." The employee looked at the form and said, "I'm sorry, ma'am, but obituaries are limited to 7 words apiece. The woman took another form and wrote, "Earl died. '57 Chevy truck for sale."
A border patrol officer is patrolling the border between the United States and Canada one night when a man drives up on a motorcycle.  The officer stops the man and asks, "What do you have in that backpack there?" The man replies, "Sand."  "Sand?" the officer says puzzled, "Please open the bag sir."  The man opens the bag and there is sand.  "Alright, you may go on your way then, the officer said with a puzzled look.”  The man then drives off into the darkness.  The next week, the same man on his motorcycle drives up to the same station that he did before.  He says that there is sand in the bag and, sure enough, there is.  The man drives up on a motorcycle with sand in his bag every week for a couple of months.  The officer starts to think, "This guy is trying to smuggle something and I am going to be the one that catches him."  The next time the man drives up to the station, the officer says, "I promise, I'm not going to arrest you.  But just tell me.  Are you trying to smuggle something or not?"  "Do you swear you won't take me in?" the man replies.  "I promise," says the officer.  "Well, I am ashamed to admit it but, I have been smuggling something," the man says.  The officer asks curiously, "What have you been smuggling?"  The man replies with a grin, "Motorcycles."
One day a woman watching the news saw this lady talking about a car driving on the wrong side of the road during rush hour. The woman realized her husband was driving on that same road! She ran to her phone to call him and tell him what she had seen on the news. When she got a hold of him he replied, “yes there are a lot of them on the wrong the wrong side..."
A speeding driver was pulled over by a policeman. He asked, "Why was I pulled over when I wasn't the only one speeding." The police replied, "Have you ever been fishing?" The man then said, "yes".  "Have you ever caught all the fish?" asked the policeman
"Doctor! Doctor! Everyone’s ignoring me!" "Next please!" 
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who made up the saying? Quit while you're ahead! 
Doctor: You need Glasses  Patient: How did you know?  Doctor: I could tell, when you walk through the window! 
“Doctor, doctor! My family thinks I’m mad!” “Why is that?” “I like sausages.” “There’s nothing strange about that. I like sausages too.” “Really?  You must come and see my collection – I’ve got  thousands!” 
Doctor, doctor! I feel like a goat.” “How long have you been like this?” “Since I was a kid.” 
College meals are generally unpopular with those who have to eat them, and sometimes with good reason.   “What kind of pie do you call this?” asked one student indignantly.  “What’s it taste like?” asked the cook.  “Glue!”  “Then it’s apple pie... the plum pie tastes like soap.”  
Mother had just finished waxing the floors when she heard her young son opening the front door.  She shouted, “Be careful on that floor, Jimmy; it’s just been waxed.” Jimmy, walking right in, replied,  “Don’t worry, Mom, I’m wearing my cleats.” 
“Doctor, doctor!” said the panic-stricken woman, “my husband was asleep with his mouth open, and he’s swallowed a mouse!  What shall I do?” “Quite simple,” said the doctor calmly.  “You just tie a lump of cheese to a piece of string and lower it into your husband’s mouth.  As soon as the mouse takes a bite – haul it out.” “Oh, I see.  Thank you, doctor.  I’ll go around to the fishmonger straight away and get a cod’s head.” “What do you want a cod’s head for?” “Oh- I forgot to tell you. I’ve got to get the cat out first!” 
A woman owned a parrot that could say only one thing – “Who is it?”  For years and years she had been trying to teach it to extend its vocabulary, but it resolutely refused to utter anything other than “Who is it?” One day she had sent for the plumber, and as she had to go out shopping she arranged for him to find the key under the mat outside the front door.  The plumber duly arrived, found the key, let himself in and set to work.  Naturally the parrot, hearing someone in the house with an unfamiliar tread, decided to give a recital.  “Who is it?” called the parrot.  The plumber!” called the workman.  Hearing a strange voice the parrot again decided to utter his one and only phrase. “Who is it?” “The plumber!” came the response. The parrot was not satisfied – he wanted to see who the stranger was.  “Who is it? He called again, and again the plumber yelled out “It’s the plumber!”  Again and again the bird called out “Who is it?” and again and again the poor bewildered plumber responded – “It’s the plumber! It’s the plumber! IT”S THE PLUMBER!” Eventually in a fury he roamed the house, going from room to room, trying to find out who was calling him – but he failed to realize that it was the parrot.  This went on for a while, with him dashing around the house, growing increasingly desperate, and shouting out “It’s the plumber!” until eventually the wretched man fainted clean away in the hall!  Just at that moment the mistress of the house entered, saw the unconscious figure on the carper and said, “Oh! Who is it?” The parrot replied, “It’s the plumber!” 
Two little skunks called In and Out were playing in the woods.  Out went home, and his mother said, “Where’s In? Go and get him, there’s a good boy.”  So Out went back into  the woods and returned very shortly with his bother. “That’s a good boy,” said Mother Skunk,  “how did you find him so quickly?” “Easy,” said the little skunk, “In stunk…”  
At a party an elderly lady was bemoaning the behavior of the youth of today. “Look at the girl over there,” she complained.  “I don’t know what young girls are coming to! She’s wearing boy’s jeans, a boy’s shirt, and that haircut is so boyish – you wouldn’t know she was a girl at all, would you?” “Well, as it happens, I would,” came the reply, “because she is my daughter.” “Oh dear,” said the old lady embarrassed,  “I’m so sorry – I didn’t know you were her father.” “I’m not, I’m her mother.”  
A speeding driver was pulled over by a policeman. He asked, "Why was I pulled over when I wasn't the only one speeding." The police replied, "Have you ever been fishing?" The man then said, "yes".  "Have you ever caught all the fish?" asked the policeman
"Simon, if I had eight apples in my right hand and ten apples in my left hand, what would I have?” “Huge hands, sir.” 
"Doctor! Doctor! Everyone’s ignoring me!" "Next please!" 
“Doctor, doctor!” said the panic-stricken woman, “my husband was asleep with his mouth open, and he’s swallowed a mouse!  What shall I do?” “Quite simple,” said the doctor calmly.  “You just tie a lump of cheese to a piece of string and lower it into your husband’s mouth.  As soon as the mouse takes a bite – haul it out.” “Oh, I see.  Thank you, doctor.  I’ll go around to the fishmonger straight away and get a cod’s head.” “What do you want a cod’s head for?” “Oh- I forgot to tell you. I’ve got to get the cat out first!” 
Doctor, doctor! I feel like a goat.” “How long have you been like this?” “Since I was a kid.” 
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who made up the saying? Quit while you're ahead! 
A man was well inebriated, but he got behind the wheel of his car anyway and began to drive home. Of course, he couldn't exactly drive straight or stay below the speed limit. Two policemen pulled him over and demanded a sobriety test. They asked him to walk a straight line, and he failed. They began to take him with them, but suddenly they received a call on their walkie-talkies, asking them to go to another part of town. They asked the man to be patient while they called someone else to cover for them. But the man grew tired of waiting and, after a few minutes, drove home. He got in bed and said to his wife, who had been waiting for him, "If any policemen come looking for me, tell them I'm not home yet." The wife agreed, somewhat confused and a little embarrassed. No sooner than her husband fell asleep did she hear a knock at the door. Sure enough, it was the two policemen. They asked about her husband, and she replied that he wasn't home. Then they asked to check her garage. Puzzled, she agreed. She opened up the garage for them--and there sat the policemen's squad car, lights still flashing.
A schoolteacher asked her primary six class to construct sentences with the words: defeat, detail, defense. There was a pause before a pupil raised his hand and said he could make a sentence with them; "The cow jumped over defense and detail went over defeat." 
Q. What did one strawberry say to the other? A. "If you weren't so fresh last night, we wouldn't be in this jam together!" 
"Simon, if I had eight apples in my right hand and ten apples in my left hand, what would I have?” “Huge hands, sir.” 
At a party an elderly lady was bemoaning the behavior of the youth of today. “Look at the girl over there,” she complained.  “I don’t know what young girls are coming to! She’s wearing boy’s jeans, a boy’s shirt, and that haircut is so boyish – you wouldn’t know she was a girl at all, would you?” “Well, as it happens, I would,” came the reply, “because she is my daughter.” “Oh dear,” said the old lady embarrassed,  “I’m so sorry – I didn’t know you were her father.” “I’m not, I’m her mother.”  
“Doctor, doctor! My family thinks I’m mad!” “Why is that?” “I like sausages.” “There’s nothing strange about that. I like sausages too.” “Really?  You must come and see my collection – I’ve got  thousands!” 
A woman owned a parrot that could say only one thing – “Who is it?”  For years and years she had been trying to teach it to extend its vocabulary, but it resolutely refused to utter anything other than “Who is it?” One day she had sent for the plumber, and as she had to go out shopping she arranged for him to find the key under the mat outside the front door.  The plumber duly arrived, found the key, let himself in and set to work.  Naturally the parrot, hearing someone in the house with an unfamiliar tread, decided to give a recital.  “Who is it?” called the parrot.  The plumber!” called the workman.  Hearing a strange voice the parrot again decided to utter his one and only phrase. “Who is it?” “The plumber!” came the response. The parrot was not satisfied – he wanted to see who the stranger was.  “Who is it? He called again, and again the plumber yelled out “It’s the plumber!”  Again and again the bird called out “Who is it?” and again and again the poor bewildered plumber responded – “It’s the plumber! It’s the plumber! IT”S THE PLUMBER!” Eventually in a fury he roamed the house, going from room to room, trying to find out who was calling him – but he failed to realize that it was the parrot.  This went on for a while, with him dashing around the house, growing increasingly desperate, and shouting out “It’s the plumber!” until eventually the wretched man fainted clean away in the hall!  Just at that moment the mistress of the house entered, saw the unconscious figure on the carper and said, “Oh! Who is it?” The parrot replied, “It’s the plumber!” 
Two little skunks called In and Out were playing in the woods.  Out went home, and his mother said, “Where’s In? Go and get him, there’s a good boy.”  So Out went back into  the woods and returned very shortly with his bother. “That’s a good boy,” said Mother Skunk,  “how did you find him so quickly?” “Easy,” said the little skunk, “In stunk…”  
College meals are generally unpopular with those who have to eat them – and sometimes with good reason.  “What kind of pie do you call this?” asked one student indignantly. “What’s it taste like?” asked the cook.” “Glue!” “Then it’s apple pie – the plum pie tastes like soap.” 
Mother had just finished waxing the floors when she heard her young son opening the front door.  She shouted, “Be careful on that floor, Jimmy; it’s just been waxed.” Jimmy, walking right in, replied,  “Don’t worry, Mom, I’m wearing my cleats.” 
The patient: Tell me, is it true that alcohol decreases blood pressure? Doctor: Yes, that is true. P: And, is it true that coffee increases blood pressure? D: Yes, that is also true. P: So, in average, I live normally. 
"I thought I told you to keep an eye on your cousin," the   Mother said. "Where is he?"   "Well," her son replied thoughtfully, "if he knows as much   about canoeing as he thinks he does, he's out canoeing. If   he knows as little as I think he does, he's out swimming." 
*  Martha Stewart doesn't live here!!   * I'm creative; you can't expect me to be neat, too!   * Ring Bell for Maid Service. If no answer, do it yourself!   * You may touch the dust in this house, but please don't write in it!   * If you write in the dust, please don't date it!  * I would cook dinner, but I can't find the can opener!  * I came, I saw, I decided to order take out.  * If you don't like my standards of cooking, lower your standards.  * A messy kitchen is a happy kitchen, and this kitchen is delirious.  * Help keep the kitchen clean - eat out.  * Countless numbers of people have eaten in this kitchen and gone on to lead normal lives.   * My house was clean last week; too bad you missed it! 
Q. What is a conservative? A. A conservative is an X-liberal that got mugged. 
A man walks into a bar with a Giraffe, and sits down at the bar. He says to the barman, "One pint for me and ten for the Giraffe". The barman gives the man and the Giraffe their drinks and then the Giraffe downs them all in on go. The Giraffe then says, "More"  The barman give the Giraffe ten more pint the same. The Giraffe does the same thing again, and downs them all at once. The Giraffe then collapses on the floor and the man gets up to walk out. The barman says, "you can't leave that 'lying' here", and the man says,” It’s not a Lyon, It's a Giraffe"! 
A woman went in to cash a check at a currency exchange  The clerk asked her: "What type of check is this?"  The lady responded: "An unemployment check."  The clerk responded: "Oh well; then we will need a work number on here for verification". 
A man who worked in a cruise liner as a magician had a parrot and every time the man did a trick the parrot yelled, “it’s in the pocket,” “it’s in the pocket,” the magician would do another trick and the parrot yelled, “it’s in the hat”, “it’s in the hat.” One day during his act the cruise liner had a problem and the ship sunk.  The parrot came up from the water and looking confused said; “NOW WHERE DID HE HIDE THE SHIP.” 
A depressed patient went to see his primary care doctor as a routine check-up.  The patient always looked stressed and depressed.  After the examination and review all the patient's medicine (total of 8 different medications and some of them instruct to take two and three times a day) the doctor said " you must drink a lot of fluids when taking each of these medications “The patient was quiet and spoke softly to himself " then I don't think I have to eat anything else".
USEFUL WORK PHRASES     1. Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged by      your unique point of view.   2. The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean      you're an artist.   3. I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet      it's hard to pronounce.   4. Any connection between your reality and mine is      purely coincidental.   5. I have plenty of talent and vision. I just don't      care.   6. I like you. You remind me of when I was young       and stupid.   7. What am I? Flypaper for freaks!?   8. I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant.   9. I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your      mouth.  10. I will always cherish the initial misconceptions      I had about you.  11. It's a thankless job, but I've got a lot of       Karma to burn off.  12. Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are       largely ceremonial.  13. No, my powers can only be used for good.  14. How about never? Is never good for you?  15. I'm really easy to get along with once you       people learn to worship me.  16. You sound reasonable. Time to up my medication.  17. I'll try being nicer if you'll try being       smarter.  18. I'm out of my mind, but feel free to leave a       message .   19. I don't work here. I'm a consultant.  20. Who me? I just wander from room to room.  21. My toys! My toys! I can't do this job without my       toys!  22. It might look like I'm doing nothing, but at the       cellular level I'm really quite busy.  23. At least I have a positive attitude about my       destructive habits.  24. You are validating my inherent mistrust of       strangers.  25. I see you've set aside this special time to       humiliate yourself in public.  26. Someday, we'll look back on this, laugh       nervously, and change the subject.  
Guy: Is you dad still in jail?  Girl: For what?  Guy: For stealing all the stars in the sky and putting them in your eyes! 
Antartian “J” goes for a job interview as a math’s teacher, at the place of interview he finds hundreds of other antartians applying for the same job. He goes in and he is asked:"what is 2+2”, antartian “J” thinks and finally says 5. The authorities tell him he has got the job, as his answer was the most accurate.
Chris had just turned 16 had long hair, and look like Joe Dirt. He went to his dad and asked: "Dad it is my 16th birthday! I would like you to by me a car for my birthday.” So his dad replied, "Son, I will buy you any car that you want as long as you raise your grades AND cut your hair." Chris said ok.  The next week, Chris brought home a report card he had raised all his grades from c's and d's to all a's. His father was very happy! Now Chris was so excited he told his dad what car he wanted a, convertible mustang (red). His dad said, "Chris you haven't cut your hair." Chris replied, "Well Jesus had long hair."  His dad said, "yeah, and Jesus walked everywhere he went!"
Q: How do men exercise at the beach? A: Every time they see a bikini they suck their belly in 
A cop pulls a young guy over: "Hello officer" said the smart aleck kid. "Young man did you see that stop sign?" asked the cop. Yup, but I didn't see you! 
Having shot a moose two Antartians began dragging it by the tail to their pick-up. On the way they were stopped by a game warden. "Let me see your hunting licenses boys," he said.  When he saw that everything was in order he asked if he could give them some advice. "Sure!" the hunters agreed. "Well boys, I think that you would find it a lot easier to drag that moose by the horns and not the tail." "Aye, O.K. and thanks," said the lads. After about five minutes one said to the other, "Boy, dragging by the horns is sure a lot easier, eh?"  "Aye, you're right," said his friend, "but have you noticed that we are getting further away from the truck?" 
Young Son: "Is it true, Dad? I heard that in some parts of the world a man doesn’t know            his wife until he marries her” Dad: That happens in every country, son 
Q:  What is the difference between in-laws and out-laws? A:  Out-laws are wanted.
An exasperated caller to Dell Computer Tech Support couldn't  get her new Dell Computer to turn on. After ensuring the computer  was plugged in, the technician asked her what happened when she  pushed the power button. Her response, "I pushed and pushed on  this foot pedal and nothing happens." The "foot pedal" turned out  to be the computer's mouse.     Another customer called Compaq tech support to say her  brand-new computer wouldn't work. She said she unpacked the  unit, plugged it in and sat there for 20 minutes waiting for  something to happen. When asked what happened when she pressed  the power switch, she asked, "What power switch?"     Another IBM customer had troubles installing software and  rang for support. "I put in the first disk, and that was OK. It said   to put in the second disk, and I had some problems with the disk.   When it said to put in the third disk, I couldn't even fit it in...."  The user hadn't realized that "Insert Disk 2" meant to remove  Disk 1 first.     In a similar incident, a customer had followed the instructions  for installing software. The instructions said to remove the disk  from its cover and insert into the drive. The user had physically  removed the casing of the disk and wondered why there were  problems.     True story from a Novell NetWire Sysop:  Caller: "Hello, is this Tech Support?"  Tech: "Yes, it is. How may I help you?"  Caller: "The cup holder on my PC is broken and I am within my  warranty period. How do I go about getting that fixed?"  Tech: "I'm sorry, but did you say a cup holder?"  Caller: "Yes, it's attached to the front of my computer."  Tech: "Please excuse me. If I seem a bit stumped, it's because  I am. Did you receive this as part of a promotional at a trade  show? How did you get this cup holder? Does it have any  trademark on it?"  Caller: It came with my computer. I don't know anything about  promotional. It just has '4X' on it." At this point, the Tech Rep  had to mute the caller because he couldn't stand it. He was  laughing too hard. The caller had been using the load drawer of  the CD-ROM drive as a cup holder and snapped it off the drive.    A woman called the Canon help desk with a problem with her  printer. The tech asked her if she was running it under "Windows."  The woman responded, "No, my desk is next to the door. But that is  a good point. The man sitting in the cubicle next to me is under a  window and his printer is working fine,"   Tech Support: "O.K. Bob, let's press the control and escape  keys at the same time. That brings up a task list in the middle  of the screen. Now type the letter "P" to bring up the Program  Manager."  Customer: "I don't have a 'P'."  Tech: "On your keyboard, Bob."  Customer: "What do you mean?"  Tech: "'P' on your keyboard, Bob."  Customer: "I'm not going to do that!"     
Teacher: What’s the outside layer        of a tree called, Tommy?             Tommy: Don’t Know.                     Teacher: Bark, Tommy.                 Tommy: Woof, Woof.                                                          
A cop pulls a young guy over: "Hello officer" said the smart aleck kid. "Young man did you see that stop sign?" asked the cop. Yup, but I didn't see you! 
Q. What did the cannibal's wife give her husband when he came home late for dinner?   A. The cold shoulder. 
Q: How do men exercise at the beach? A: Every time they see a bikini they suck their belly in 
Teacher: What’s the outside layer        of a tree called, Tommy?             Tommy: Don’t Know.                     Teacher: Bark, Tommy.                 Tommy: Woof, Woof.                                                          
Explorer walking in the Amazon Rain Forest comes across a clearing with a dead 60ft dinosaur and a hunter sat astride it. He asks the hunter, "Who killed the dinosaur?"   "I did,” replied the hunter.  "How did you kill it?"  "With my club.”  The Explorer was astonished, so he inquired, "How big is your club then?"  The hunter answered, "There are about 400 of us now."
Having shot a moose two Antartians began dragging it by the tail to their pick-up. On the way they were stopped by a game warden. "Let me see your hunting licenses boys," he said.  When he saw that everything was in order he asked if he could give them some advice. "Sure!" the hunters agreed. "Well boys, I think that you would find it a lot easier to drag that moose by the horns and not the tail." "Aye, O.K. and thanks," said the lads. After about five minutes one said to the other, "Boy, dragging by the horns is sure a lot easier, eh?"  "Aye, you're right," said his friend, "but have you noticed that we are getting further away from the truck?" 
Q:  What is the difference between in-laws and out-laws? A:  Out-laws are wanted.
Young Son: "Is it true, Dad? I heard that in some parts of the world a man doesn’t know            his wife until he marries her” Dad: That happens in every country, son 
An exasperated caller to Dell Computer Tech Support couldn't  get her new Dell Computer to turn on. After ensuring the computer  was plugged in, the technician asked her what happened when she  pushed the power button. Her response, "I pushed and pushed on  this foot pedal and nothing happens." The "foot pedal" turned out  to be the computer's mouse.     Another customer called Compaq tech support to say her  brand-new computer wouldn't work. She said she unpacked the  unit, plugged it in and sat there for 20 minutes waiting for  something to happen. When asked what happened when she pressed  the power switch, she asked, "What power switch?"     Another IBM customer had troubles installing software and  rang for support. "I put in the first disk, and that was OK. It said   to put in the second disk, and I had some problems with the disk.   When it said to put in the third disk, I couldn't even fit it in...."  The user hadn't realized that "Insert Disk 2" meant to remove  Disk 1 first.     In a similar incident, a customer had followed the instructions  for installing software. The instructions said to remove the disk  from its cover and insert into the drive. The user had physically  removed the casing of the disk and wondered why there were  problems.     True story from a Novell NetWire Sysop:  Caller: "Hello, is this Tech Support?"  Tech: "Yes, it is. How may I help you?"  Caller: "The cup holder on my PC is broken and I am within my  warranty period. How do I go about getting that fixed?"  Tech: "I'm sorry, but did you say a cup holder?"  Caller: "Yes, it's attached to the front of my computer."  Tech: "Please excuse me. If I seem a bit stumped, it's because  I am. Did you receive this as part of a promotional at a trade  show? How did you get this cup holder? Does it have any  trademark on it?"  Caller: It came with my computer. I don't know anything about  promotional. It just has '4X' on it." At this point, the Tech Rep  had to mute the caller because he couldn't stand it. He was  laughing too hard. The caller had been using the load drawer of  the CD-ROM drive as a cup holder and snapped it off the drive.    A woman called the Canon help desk with a problem with her  printer. The tech asked her if she was running it under "Windows."  The woman responded, "No, my desk is next to the door. But that is  a good point. The man sitting in the cubicle next to me is under a  window and his printer is working fine,"   Tech Support: "O.K. Bob, let's press the control and escape  keys at the same time. That brings up a task list in the middle  of the screen. Now type the letter "P" to bring up the Program  Manager."  Customer: "I don't have a 'P'."  Tech: "On your keyboard, Bob."  Customer: "What do you mean?"  Tech: "'P' on your keyboard, Bob."  Customer: "I'm not going to do that!"     
I had lunch with a chess champion the other day. It took him 20 minutes to pass the salt.
There's a robbery at the cereal factory. The robber takes all of the money and then puts a gun to the manager's head. The robber asks "Any last requests?" and the manager says "LIFE." (Get it the cereal, LIFE)
An idiot decided to start a chicken farm, so he bought a hundred chickens to start.  A month later, he returned to the dealer for another hundred chickens because all of the first lot had died.  A month later he was back at the dealers for another hundred chickens for the second lot had also died.  "But I think I know where I'm going wrong," said the idiot.  "I think I am planting them too deep."
A small community had a fire and the local volunteer fire department. Well, the fire was just too big so they called for mutual aid from their neighboring town.  Their fire truck came zooming by the local one and went right down the hill and parked right next to the fire.  The fire fighters jumped out of the truck and feverishly went to work putting out the fire.  The paint on the truck was bubbling, as they were so close.  But soon they had the fire under control.  After the fire was out, the local town's people were so impressed with the work the neighboring fire department did that they decided to give them a reward.  The mayor presented the fire chief with a check for $3,000.  Then he asked the chief what he was going to do with the money.  The chief replied, " Well, the first thing I am going to do is fix the brakes on that fire truck."
A man and his wife are sitting at the kitchen table, which is next to the window. The man's name is Rudolph, and since he is Russian, people call him "Rudolph the Red." Rudolph looked out the window and said to his wife, "Oh look honey, it's raining outside."  She looks out as well and says, "No, I think that is snow." He looks at her and says, "Rudolph the red knows rain dear."
Q. Why did the pig cross the road A. To prove that he wasn't a chicken
"All those curves and me with no brakes."
Q. Why did the pig cross the road A. To prove that he wasn't a chicken
Bargains at the pet shop: A hummingbird that knows the words A bloodhound with hypoglycemia A chameleon that's stuck on green A depressed hyena An absent-minded elephant 
She said to the boutique manager:  "Do you mind if I try on that red dress in the window?" He said: "Sure - can't be bad for business!"
 "Out of courtesy,Sharks never attack lawyers."
You know you're really drunk if you can't lie on the floor without holding on.
A doctor gets to bury his mistakes. An architect can only advise his client to plant vines.
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to commit suicide, is that considered a hostage crisis?
Two guys on a double bike where pedaling up a hill. It took forever to get to the top. When they finally got to the top the first guy said in a pant, "whew, that was so hard." The second replied, "If I hadn't been pushing the brakes the whole time we would have rolled down backwards.”
"All those curves and me with no brakes."
 A man sitting at a bar claiming to be the world's strongest man, squeezed every drop of juice from a lemon. Then said, "Whoever can squeeze another drop from this lemon will be the world's strongest and will have earned $100." Just about every man at the bar tried without luck, then a skinny, wimpy looking guy walks up and squeezes three more drops from the lemon. The strong man asked, "How did you do that?" the little man replied, "I am an IRS agent" as he walked out.
A child with an apple approached her mother after a meal and asked, "Mummy, mummy please make the apple naked for me."  After being stung by a bee a child told her mother, "The bee kissed me so hard” 
“What are you learning at school now, Sue? Asked her Granny. “French, German, and we’ve just started Algebra.” “Really?” said the old lady, impressed. “I used to learn French and German but  I have never heard anyone speak Algebra.” 
Old Granny Parkinson had won over half a million dollars in the lottery, but as she was a frail little woman her family was concerned that the shock of hearing the news might prove too much for her.   Accordingly, they called in the family doctor to ask his advice. “I’ll tell her if you like,” said the doctor.  “I’ll lead up to it gradually.”  The family accepted his offer gratefully, and showed him into the old lady’s bedroom.  The doctor pretended to give her a routine examination and then began to chat generally of this and that, carefully leading the conversation ‘round to money.  “Tell me Mrs. Parkinson,” he said, “what would you do if you suddenly came into half a million dollars?” “Half a million?” said the old lady reflectively, “well you’ve always been very good to me, doctor, so I think I’d give half of it to you.”  And the doctor immediately collapsed and died of shock. 
What is the best time to go to bed? When the bed won’t come to you. 
Did you hear about the baby mouse that saw a bat? He ran home and told his mother he’d seen and angel… 
What is the best time to go to bed? When the bed won’t come to you. 
“What are you learning at school now, Sue? Asked her Granny. “French, German, and we’ve just started Algebra.” “Really?” said the old lady, impressed. “I used to learn French and German but  I have never heard anyone speak Algebra.” 
 Two fleas were walking out of a cinema when they discovered it was raining hard. “Shall we walk?” said one flea. “No,” said the other, “Let’s take a dog.” 
“Look at that speed!” said one hawk to another as the jet fighter plane hurtled over their heads. “Hmph!” snorted the other. “You would fly fast too if your tail was on fire!” 
There was a young woman who was very much interested in marrying this wealthy Old gentleman.   After he proposed, she suggested, “we might even have some children!” The old gentleman replied, “Oh, no, my parents won’t let me.” “What do you mean?” asked the young woman “Who are your parents?”  He replied, “Mother Nature and Father time.” 
A very intelligent boy was fortunate enough to be receiving a far better education than his parents had enjoyed, and his vocabulary far outstripped theirs.  One day he came home from school and said “Mommy, may I relate to you a narrative?” “What’s a narrative, Gerald?” she asked. “A narrative, Mommy, is a tale.” “Oh, I see,” said his mother nodding, and Gerald told her his story.  At bedtime as he was about to go upstairs he said, “Shall I extinguish the light Mommy?” “What’s extinguish?” she asked. “Extinguish means to put out, Mommy,” said brainy Gerald “Oh, I see. Yes, certainly.” The next day the clergyman came to tea and the family dog began to make a nuisance of himself, as a dog will, by begging for goodies from the table.  “Gerald,” said his mother, trying to impress, “take that dog by the narrative and extinguish him!” 
Old Granny Parkinson had won over half a million dollars in the lottery, but as she was a frail little woman her family was concerned that the shock of hearing the news might prove too much for her.   Accordingly, they called in the family doctor to ask his advice. “I’ll tell her if you like,” said the doctor.  “I’ll lead up to it gradually.”  The family accepted his offer gratefully, and showed him into the old lady’s bedroom.  The doctor pretended to give her a routine examination and then began to chat generally of this and that, carefully leading the conversation ‘round to money.  “Tell me Mrs. Parkinson,” he said, “what would you do if you suddenly came into half a million dollars?” “Half a million?” said the old lady reflectively, “well you’ve always been very good to me, doctor, so I think I’d give half of it to you.”  And the doctor immediately collapsed and died of shock. 
Did you hear about the baby mouse that saw a bat? He ran home and told his mother he’d seen and angel… 
“Mommy,” said the baby polar bear, “am I one hundred percent pure polar bear?” “Of course you are, son,” said his Daddy, “Why do you ask?” “’Cause I’m f-f-f-freezing!” 
Look over there! Said the frightened skunk to his pal. “There’s a human with a gun, and he’s getting closer and closer!  What are we going to do?” To which the second skink calmly replied, “Let us spray ….” 
One friend to another, “My new horse is very well-mannered.” “That’s nice.” “Yes, isn’t it? Every time we come to a jump he stops and lets me go first!” 
“I used to be in show business.  I had a very spectacular act.” “What did you do?” “I used to dive into a wet sponge from a height of fifty feet. But then I broke my neck.” “Did you miss the sponge?” “No. Some idiot squeezed it dry” 
“What sort of an act do you do?’ “I bend over backwards and pick up a handkerchief with my teeth.” “Anything else?” “Then I bend over backwards and pick up my teeth 
Look over there! Said the frightened skunk to his pal. “There’s a human with a gun, and he’s getting closer and closer!  What are we going to do?” To which the second skink calmly replied, “Let us spray ….” 
 Two fleas were walking out of a cinema when they discovered it was raining hard. “Shall we walk?” said one flea. “No,” said the other, “Let’s take a dog.” 
“Look at that speed!” said one hawk to another as the jet fighter plane hurtled over their heads. “Hmph!” snorted the other. “You would fly fast too if your tail was on fire!” 
“Mommy,” said the baby polar bear, “am I one hundred percent pure polar bear?” “Of course you are, son,” said his Daddy, “Why do you ask?” “’Cause I’m f-f-f-freezing!” 
One friend to another, “My new horse is very well-mannered.” “That’s nice.” “Yes, isn’t it? Every time we come to a jump he stops and lets me go first!” 
“What sort of an act do you do?’ “I bend over backwards and pick up a handkerchief with my teeth.” “Anything else?” “Then I bend over backwards and pick up my teeth 
“I used to be in show business.  I had a very spectacular act.” “What did you do?” “I used to dive into a wet sponge from a height of fifty feet. But then I broke my neck.” “Did you miss the sponge?” “No. Some idiot squeezed it dry” 
There was a young woman who was very much interested in marrying this wealthy Old gentleman.   After he proposed, she suggested, “we might even have some children!” The old gentleman replied, “Oh, no, my parents won’t let me.” “What do you mean?” asked the young woman “Who are your parents?”  He replied, “Mother Nature and Father time.” 
A very intelligent boy was fortunate enough to be receiving a far better education than his parents had enjoyed, and his vocabulary far outstripped theirs.  One day he came home from school and said “Mommy, may I relate to you a narrative?” “What’s a narrative, Gerald?” she asked. “A narrative, Mommy, is a tale.” “Oh, I see,” said his mother nodding, and Gerald told her his story.  At bedtime as he was about to go upstairs he said, “Shall I extinguish the light Mommy?” “What’s extinguish?” she asked. “Extinguish means to put out, Mommy,” said brainy Gerald “Oh, I see. Yes, certainly.” The next day the clergyman came to tea and the family dog began to make a nuisance of himself, as a dog will, by begging for goodies from the table.  “Gerald,” said his mother, trying to impress, “take that dog by the narrative and extinguish him!” 
Teacher: Class, who can go to the board and show us the map of the North America? George: Yes, ma'am. Teacher: Okay George. George: Here is the map of North America. Teacher: Class, who discovered North America? Class: George! 
What's a nice girl like you doing in a mind like mine?
Are you the tiger on the cerial box!  Cause your lookin' grrrrrrrrrreat!
Do you have a picture of yourself?  So I can show Santa what I want for Christmas!
What's a nice girl like you doing in a mind like mine?
 Down South, Bubba called his attorney and asked, "Is it true they're suin' the cigarette companies for causing people to get cancer? "Yes, Bubba, sure is true,” responded the lawyer. "And now someone's suin' them fast food restaurants for making 'em fat and cloggin' their hearts with all them burgers and fries, is that true mister lawyer?" "Sure is Bubba. But why you asking?"  "Cause what I want to know is, I was thinkin' can I sue Budweiser for all them ugly women I've slept with?" 
Q.Why is a dog scared of a fire? A.It doesn't want to become a hot dog.
Do you have a picture of yourself?  So I can show Santa what I want for Christmas!
I only thought of you once today, I just never stopped.
Q.Why is a dog scared of a fire? A.It doesn't want to become a hot dog.
 Down South, Bubba called his attorney and asked, "Is it true they're suin' the cigarette companies for causing people to get cancer? "Yes, Bubba, sure is true,” responded the lawyer. "And now someone's suin' them fast food restaurants for making 'em fat and cloggin' their hearts with all them burgers and fries, is that true mister lawyer?" "Sure is Bubba. But why you asking?"  "Cause what I want to know is, I was thinkin' can I sue Budweiser for all them ugly women I've slept with?" 
Teacher: Class, who can go to the board and show us the map of the North America? George: Yes, ma'am. Teacher: Okay George. George: Here is the map of North America. Teacher: Class, who discovered North America? Class: George! 
Explaining the population explosion of the world a teacher was elaborating "Suppose all world population are walking and jumping off the globe. The line will still be endless" A student appeared confused and the teacher clarified " You see as and when a person jumps off another will be born and the line will continue for ever" Still the young student wore the bewildered look "What is the doubt" the teacher asked. You said, "You said, they were all walking, teacher" 
A man steals paintings from a museum and gets a few blocks away, runs out of gas and the cops catch him. When asked what happened he replied..."I didn’t have enough Monet to pay for Degas to make the Van Gogh!!!!
Your mama is sooo fat when she swam in the Atlantic Ocean for 2 minutes, Europe claimed her as a country.
There was a man driving a pickup truck down a country road, when suddenly he was broad sided by a trailer truck.  Some time went by, and the case got to court.  The defense attorney said to the plaintiff, "How can you be suing my client now when you told a trooper after the accident that you felt fine?"   The man replied, "Well sir, it was like this.  We was drivin' down the road, mindin' our own business, when a big trailer truck came out of nowhere and creamed us.  When I came to, I was in the ditch, and a trooper was pullin' up with his car.  He looked at the hogs, and they was 'most dead, so he shot 'em.  Then he looked at my dog, and he was hurt real bad, so he shot him.  Then he came over to me and he said, 'How you feeling?'"  "I said, I never felt better in my life." 
One year my uncle decided to cheat on his income taxes.   The problem was that he later started to feel so guilty that he couldn’t sleep.   After thinking about if for a while, he sent an anonymous cashier’s check for $100 to the IRS along with a note that read: “To Whom It May Concern, I cheated on my taxes and now I feel so guilty that I haven’t been able to sleep for weeks, so I’m sending you this check for one hundred dollars.   I hope you forgive me. P.S.    If I still can’t sleep after one week, I’ll send you the rest of what I owe." 
A man goes to the doctor and says, "Doc., everytime I drink coffee, I get terrible pains in my eye." The doctor says, "Try taking the spoon out first." 
You must think with a clean mind:  What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down, a dog does with his leg lifted?     Why shake hands...
A schoolteacher's son brought his report card home. The father said; let's see what you have accomplished. He opens the report and to his dismay sees all bad grades. What do you have to say about this Johnny? Well dad at lease you know I'm not cheating.
One year my uncle decided to cheat on his income taxes.   The problem was that he later started to feel so guilty that he couldn’t sleep.   After thinking about if for a while, he sent an anonymous cashier’s check for $100 to the IRS along with a note that read: “To Whom It May Concern, I cheated on my taxes and now I feel so guilty that I haven’t been able to sleep for weeks, so I’m sending you this check for one hundred dollars.   I hope you forgive me. P.S.    If I still can’t sleep after one week, I’ll send you the rest of what I owe." 
You must think with a clean mind:  What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down, a dog does with his leg lifted?     Why shake hands...
A man goes to the doctor and says, "Doc., everytime I drink coffee, I get terrible pains in my eye." The doctor says, "Try taking the spoon out first." 
Three men were shipwrecked on a desert island and where captured by the local natives.  They were brought to the chief native.  The chief gave the men two choices; they could have death or submit to unga bunga.  The first man decides he does not want to die, so he chooses unga bunga.  Ten of the natives took him into the woods, when he came back one hour later he was all beaten up. The second man chooses unga bunga and he was taken out the woods for 2 hours where the natives beat him up.  The third man not wanting to go through all that torture decided upon death.  So the chief said ok death by Unga Bunga
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you  had to arrest your own mother?"   He said: "Call for backup." 
An elderly woman died last month. Having never married, she requested no male pallbearers. In her handwritten instructions for her memorial service, she wrote, "They wouldn't take me out while I was alive, and I don't want them to take me out when I'm dead." 
A Sunday school teacher was discussing the Ten Commandments with her five and six year olds. After explaining the commandment to "honor thy father and thy mother," she asked, "Is there a commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters?" Without missing a beat one little boy answered: "Thou shall not kill." 
An elderly woman died last month. Having never married, she requested no male pallbearers. In her handwritten instructions for her memorial service, she wrote, "They wouldn't take me out while I was alive, and I don't want them to take me out when I'm dead." 
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you  had to arrest your own mother?"   He said: "Call for backup." 
A Sunday school teacher was discussing the Ten Commandments with her five and six year olds. After explaining the commandment to "honor thy father and thy mother," she asked, "Is there a commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters?" Without missing a beat one little boy answered: "Thou shall not kill." 
Teacher: Class, you have 30 minutes to write a composition on the subject of          Baseball Jonah:  Here’s my paper Teacher: Jonah, you spent only one minute writing your essay         Lets hear what you wrote Jonah:  Game called off on account of rain  
 Q. How does Bill Gates enter his house?  A. He uses "windows".
When a woman got married she put a shoebox in the closet and told her husband not to open it. After over 50 years of marriage she was dying and told him to open the box.  When he opened it there were 2 doilies and $85,000.00 He ask why this was in the box. She replied “when I got married my mother told me to crochet a doily every time I got mad at you. He smile thinking she was only mad twice and ask what the $85,000.00 was. She replied that's the money from selling the doilies.
A schoolteacher was trying to teach her six-year old class students how to say the pledge of allegiance to the flag.  The schoolteacher said, O.K. children begin by putting your hand over your little heart and repeat with me, I pledge allegiance to the HOLD IT!  HOLD IT!  Johnny, why is your hand over your butt cheek instead of your heart?  Johnny relied! I can’t.  Teacher asks, why not? Well you see, when my ant comes over to pick me up and pats my bottom and says, BLESS YOUR LITTLE HEART!!!!!!
A young man just had his first customer, which turned out to be a BIG BURLY truck driver. The young man walked up to the table where the truck driver was sitting and asked; can I take your order sir? The truck driver replied, sure kid I want three flat tires and two headlights. The young man was very puzzled and said, I beg your pardon? The truck driver said again, look kid; I want three flat tires and two headlights. The young man was still puzzled, but replied; yes sir, whatever.  The young man then took the request to his boss who was the head cook. He told him about the truck driver's order, and that he wanted three flat tires and two headlights, “I think he's in the wrong place.” The head cook said, I know what he wants, he wants three flap jacks and two eggs sunny side up; the truck driver is just trying to be smart, I know him. The cook said to the waiter here, take this bowl of beans, give it to him and say this. The truck driver said, Listen kid, I didn't order this; I said I wanted three flat tires and two headlights. The waiter replied, Well sir, the head cook said while you wait for your parts, you can gas up!
Three old timers chatting at restaurant! They sat down at a table while waiting to be served. One of them said; Hay Jake! Isn’t this your 50th anniversary?  Jake replies! Yep. Well, the old timer asked, what are you planning on doing?  Jake replies, well! I remember taking my wife to Arizona on our 25th anniversary. The other old timer asked, Oh ya, so what are your plans for your 50th anniversary?  Jake replies, I’m going back to pick her up!!!!!!!
There was a student that had a chance to learn the sport of skydiving. After having been instructed by his teacher he jumped out and forgot how to release his shoot.  As he was falling rapidly towards earth, he suddenly saw a man shooting up towards him and as the man passed by, the student yelled!  “Do you know how to operate a parachute?” The man passing by him answered NO! “But do you know anything about a gas heater?”
There were these two boys, Chris and Joe, who boasted about their fathers’ achievements. One day,  Chris told Joe,"Do you know about the Suez Canal"   Joe,"Ya"  Chris, “My father dug it"  Joe, “That’s nothing! Do you know about the Dead Sea”?  Chris,"Ya"  Joe, “My Father Killed It!!" 
Dean Martin never became an attorney because he couldn't pass the bar.
The other day I was talking to my six-year-old son, Mack.  I was getting after him about his behavior.  I said to him, "Mack do you know the difference between right and wrong"?  He looked perplexed, so I followed "you know, like good and bad".  To this he replied, "ya, like 1-800 and 1-900".
Excuse me, I'm lost, May I go home with you?
A man lying on his deathbed called to him, his lawyer, his doctor, and his pastor. "I am going to die tonight," and I want to prove that when you go to heaven you can take it all with you. So to my three most trusted friends, you three of course, I am leaving 50,000 dollars in these envelopes. When I die you must come to my funeral and put the envelopes in my coffin with me." The man handed the three men identical envelopes.   A day later they each received news that, that night the old man had died . So each knew they must go to his funeral and fulfill his death wish.   Standing over the coffin one week later the pastor confessed, " I can't hide what I've done. I took 10,000 dollars from the envelope because the church needed to be painted."  Then as he did so the doctor also started to fidget then finally confessed “I took 30,000 dollars from my envelope because the hospital needed a new wing."  Ten the lawyer said plainly “You bunch of crooks! I wrote him a check for the full amount!" 
One evening as she was preparing dinner her 8-year-old son came down to the kitchen and he was crying hysterically. The loving mother bent down and said, "Honey what's wrong?" He said, "Mom, I just cleaned my room!" And she said, "Well, I'm very proud of you" "Why on earth would that make you cry?" The eight year old looked up through his tears and said, "Because I still can't find my pet snake!" 
One evening as she was preparing dinner her 8-year-old son came down to the kitchen and he was crying hysterically. The loving mother bent down and said, "Honey what's wrong?" He said, "Mom, I just cleaned my room!" And she said, "Well, I'm very proud of you" "Why on earth would that make you cry?" The eight year old looked up through his tears and said, "Because I still can't find my pet snake!" 
I just started a new diet.  You can drink all the fruit juice you want, you can eat all the vegetables you want, and you can drink all the wine you want.  So far, I've lost 13 lbs and one driver’s license! 
A man walks into his local butcher's shop and complains about the leg of lamb that he had previously bought, when I cooked it the joint had shrunk so much it went from 12 inches long to only 4-inches.  The butcher said to the man that’s funny my wife knitted me a sweater and when she washed it, it was also 4-inches in length, what’s your sweater got to do with my leg of lamb asked the man, the butcher replied well they both must have come from the same sheep.
Two "snakes" walking down the street.  Oh man I have to ask you something the little one said. What is it? Are we dangerous? The other one said: of course we are, why? Because I just bit myself, replied the little one.
Two snakes are walking down the street. "Oh man, I have to ask you something!" the little one said.  "What is it?" replied the other snake.  "Are we poisonous?"   The other one replied, "Of course we are, why?"  "Because I just bit my lip."
There are three rings in marriage: 1.  The Engagement Ring 2.  The Wedding Ring, and  3.  The Suffer Ring
A man walks into a pub, and approaches the bar. He orders a pint and looks down to see a bowl of peanuts on the counter. He decides to eat one, when he picks it up and goes to put it in his mouth the peanut says, "Hello handsome!"  So he puts the peanut down in astonishment. He decides to try one more time and yet again the peanut talks, "Oh you are gorgeous!"  Well as you can imagine he was really stunned. He then decides to go over to buy some cigarettes from the dispenser. He drops money in the machine and it spits it out and tells him, "Go away ugly!"  This really shocked the man so he goes up to the barman and says, "Why is it that when I pick up the peanuts from the bar they are really nice to me, yet when I try to get some cigarettes from the machine it tells me I'm ugly?"  "Well," the barman begins, "the peanuts are complimentary and the cigarette machine is out of order!"
Q: What did the CEO from Arthur Anderson tell the Senate committee when asked about "cooking" Enron's books? A:  "It's Shake-n-Bake and I helped!" 
The National Game warden put out a warning to all hikers in his area. Warning that they should wear small bells on their boots so not to startle the bears. To distinguish the grizzly bear the notice read-- small bears droppings are small with nut and berries in it. Grizzly bear droppings are much larger with nuts and berries and little tiny bells in it.
Q.  Where does a cat go when he loses his tail?  A.  Retail store!  
In a greasy spoon, a downhearted diner asked the waitress for meatloaf and some kind words.  She brought the meatloaf but didn’t say a thing. “Hey,” he said,  “what about my kind word?” She replied, “Don’t eat the meatloaf.” 
A businesswoman is sitting at a bar.  A man approaches her.  “Hi, honey,” he says.  “Want a little company?” “Why?” asks the woman?  “Do you have one to sell?  
The truck driver looked suspiciously at the soup he had just been served in a backwoods eatery.  It contained dark flecks of seasoning, but two of the spots were suspicious. “Hey,” he called out to the waitress, “these particles in my soup – aren’t they foreign objects?” She is scrutinizing his bowl. “No, sir!” she reassured him.  “Those things live around here.” 
Inflation is creeping up,” a young man said to his friend. “Yesterday I ordered a $25.00 steak in a restaurant and told them to put it on my American Express card – and it fit.”
A man walked into a crowded restaurant and caught the eye of a harried waiter.  “ You know,” he said, “it’s been 10 years since I came in here.” “Don’t blame me,” the waiter snapped.  “I’m working as fast as I can.” 
While eating in an expensive restaurant, a patron overhead the gentleman at the next table ask the waitress t pack the leftovers for their dog.  It was then that his young son exclaimed loudly, “Whoopee! We’re going to get a dog.”
A man walked into a crowded restaurant and caught the eye of a harried waiter.  “ You know,” he said, “it’s been 10 years since I came in here.” “Don’t blame me,” the waiter snapped.  “I’m working as fast as I can.” 
Two eggs were in a pot, being boiled.  One said to the other,  “it’s so hot in here I don’t think I can stand it much longer.”  The other replied, “Don’t grumble.  As soon as they get you out of here, they bash your head with a spoon.”
The disgruntled diner summoned his waiter to the table, complaining, “My oyster stew doesn’t have any oysters in it.”  “Well, if that bothers you, then you better skip dessert,” replied the waiter.  “It’s anger food cake.”
Ours is a good restaurant, said the manager.  “If you order an egg, you get the freshest egg in the world.  If you order hot coffee, you get the hottest coffee in the world, and” –  “ I believe you,” said the customer.  “I ordered a small steak” 
The disgruntled diner summoned his waiter to the table, complaining, “My oyster stew doesn’t have any oysters in it.”  “Well, if that bothers you, then you better skip dessert,” replied the waiter.  “It’s anger food cake.”
While eating in an expensive restaurant, a patron overhead the gentleman at the next table ask the waitress t pack the leftovers for their dog.  It was then that his young son exclaimed loudly, “Whoopee! We’re going to get a dog.”
Inflation is creeping up,” a young man said to his friend. “Yesterday I ordered a $25.00 steak in a restaurant and told them to put it on my American Express card – and it fit.”
The truck driver looked suspiciously at the soup he had just been served in a backwoods eatery.  It contained dark flecks of seasoning, but two of the spots were suspicious. “Hey,” he called out to the waitress, “these particles in my soup – aren’t they foreign objects?” She is scrutinizing his bowl. “No, sir!” she reassured him.  “Those things live around here.” 
In a greasy spoon, a downhearted diner asked the waitress for meatloaf and some kind words.  She brought the meatloaf but didn’t say a thing. “Hey,” he said,  “what about my kind word?” She replied, “Don’t eat the meatloaf.” 
“I’ve never flown before," said the nervous old lady to the pilot. “You will bring me down safely, won’t you?"  “All I can say ma’am,” said the pilot, “is that I’ve never left anyone up there yet!”  
 Damien was being severely scolded by his father for fighting.  "Now, Damien" said his angry father, "This will not do!  You must learn that you can't have everything you want in this life.  There must always be give and take." "But there was Dad!" protested the aggressive youngster.  "I gave him a black eye and took the apple!"  
Little Jackie’s mother was on the telephone with the child’s dentist. “I don’t understand it,” she complained “I thought his treatment would only cost $20.00, but you have charged me $80.00.” “It is usually $20.00, madam,” agreed the dentist, “but Jackie yelled so loudly that three of my other patients ran away 
"Hey, cabby! How much to take me to the station?"  "Five bucks, sir."  "And how much for my suitcase?"  "No charge for the suitcase, sir."  "Okay. Take the case and I'll walk."
Ours is a good restaurant, said the manager.  “If you order an egg, you get the freshest egg in the world.  If you order hot coffee, you get the hottest coffee in the world, and” –  “ I believe you,” said the customer.  “I ordered a small steak” 
Two eggs were in a pot, being boiled.  One said to the other,  “it’s so hot in here I don’t think I can stand it much longer.”  The other replied, “Don’t grumble.  As soon as they get you out of here, they bash your head with a spoon.”
Tom, Dick and Harry were traveling in the desert.  Arriving at a small village they could find nowhere to sleep but a strange inn whose landlord, though willing to take them in for the night, would offer only a bed of fire, a bed of nails, and a bed of fleas.   In the morning, they compared notes over breakfast.  The bed of fire was awful,” said Tom.  “Very uncomfortable.  I didn’t sleep a wink, and I’m scorched all over.” “I had a bad night, too,” said Dick.  “That bed of nails was dreadful. I’m covered with holes.” “I slept fine,” declared Harry.  “My bed of fleas was no trouble at all.  I just killed one flea and all the rest went to the funeral!” 
"I hope this plane doesn't travel faster than sound," said the old lady to the stewardess. "Why?" "Because my friend and I want to talk, that's why."
"I hope this plane doesn't travel faster than sound," said the old lady to the stewardess. "Why?" "Because my friend and I want to talk, that's why."
Tom, Dick and Harry were traveling in the desert.  Arriving at a small village they could find nowhere to sleep but a strange inn whose landlord, though willing to take them in for the night, would offer only a bed of fire, a bed of nails, and a bed of fleas.   In the morning, they compared notes over breakfast.  The bed of fire was awful,” said Tom.  “Very uncomfortable.  I didn’t sleep a wink, and I’m scorched all over.” “I had a bad night, too,” said Dick.  “That bed of nails was dreadful. I’m covered with holes.” “I slept fine,” declared Harry.  “My bed of fleas was no trouble at all.  I just killed one flea and all the rest went to the funeral!” 
Damien was being severely scolded by his father for fighting.  "Now, Damien" said his angry father, "This will not do!  You must learn that you can't have everything you want in this life.  There must always be give and take."  "But there was Dad!" protested the aggressive youngster.  "I gave him a black eye and took the apple!"  
Little Jackie’s mother was on the telephone with the child’s dentist. “I don’t understand it,” she complained “I thought his treatment would only cost $20.00, but you have charged me $80.00.” “It is usually $20.00, madam,” agreed the dentist, “but Jackie yelled so loudly that three of my other patients ran away 
Jack met Claude in the street and noticed that Claude was carrying a small parcel. ‘Been shopping then, Claude?” he asked. “Yes,” replied Claude, “I’ve just been to the perfumery to by a present for the wife’s birthday tomorrow.”  “Oh, yes?” said Jack, “what did you get her, then?” “A bottle of toilet water.  Very expensive – this little bottle cost me twenty-five dollars!” “Twenty-five dollars for a bottle of toiler water?” said Jack in amazement.  “Why don’t you come home with me?  You can have all you want for nothing!” 
"Louisa" asked her small brother, "could you help me with my math homework?" "Certainly not," replied Louisa indignantly. "It wouldn't be right." "Maybe not," said her brother, "but you could at least try...!" 
“I hear you’ve got a new baby sister,” said Jonathan to his friend William. “Yeah.” “Is she fun to play with?” “Nah.” “Well, why don’t you change her?” “We can’t,” explained William, “we’ve had her for a week already.” 
It was an extremely rough English Channel crossing from Weymouth to Jersey, and one wretched green-faced passenger was hugging the rail when a steward approached him. “Lunch, sir?” asked the tactless steward. “No, thanks,” groaned the passenger.  “Jus throw it overboard and save me the touble… 
It was an extremely rough English Channel crossing from Weymouth to Jersey, and one wretched green-faced passenger was hugging the rail when a steward approached him. “Lunch, sir?” asked the tactless steward. “No, thanks,” groaned the passenger.  “Jus throw it overboard and save me the touble… 
This was one of my dad's favorite jokes: Emmitt Smith died and went to heaven.  When he got to the pearly gates, St. Peter was waiting for him and issued Emmitt an invitation to play for the HFL- the heaven football league.  Emmitt thought about it for a minute and said, "Sure!" As they walked out to the field, there was a game in progress.  Emmitt was stunned.  There were a lot of ex-NFL players out on that field.  But what he found to be strange was that the jerseys didn't have any numbers.  Instead they had letters on them.  So he turned around and questioned St. Peter about the numbers.  St. Peter chuckled and told him, "Up here we don't need numbers.  The letters stand for the position they are playing, QB is for quarterback, WR is for wide receiver and so on."  Emmitt smile and nodded his head.  But as he gazed around the sidelines, he got a perplexed look on his face.  On the other side of the field, there was a man wearing a jersey that had the letters TL.  "St. Peter, as you know, I played football many years with the Dallas Cowboys and I am familiar with all the positions.  But in all my years I have never seen the position of TL."  St. Peter laughed and said, "Oh yeah, I forgot.  That's just God, he likes to pretend that he is Tom Landry." 
“Johnny, I’ve had a letter from your Principal, said the father. It seems you’re very careless with your appearance.” “Am I, Dad?” “Yes. You haven’t appeared in school since last semester!” 
The three friends were walking home from school. “What shall we do this afternoon?” said one. “I know,” said the second, let’s spin a coin.  If it comes down heads let’s go skating, and if it comes down tails let’s go swimming.”  “And if it comes down on its edge,” said the third, “let’s stay in and do our homework!”  
“I’ve never flown before, said the nervous old lady to the pilot.  “You will bring me down safely, won’t you? “All I can say ma’am,” said the pilot, “is that I’ve never left anyone up there yet!” 
“I hear you’ve got a new baby sister,” said Jonathan to his friend William. “Yeah.” “Is she fun to play with?” “Nah.” “Well, why don’t you change her?” “We can’t,” explained William, “we’ve had her for a week already.” 
"Louisa" asked her small brother, "could you help me with my math homework?" "Certainly not," replied Louisa indignantly. "It wouldn't be right." "Maybe not," said her brother, "but you could at least try...!" 
Jack met Claude in the street and noticed that Claude was carrying a small parcel. ‘Been shopping then, Claude?” he asked. “Yes,” replied Claude, “I’ve just been to the perfumery to by a present for the wife’s birthday tomorrow.”  “Oh, yes?” said Jack, “what did you get her, then?” “A bottle of toilet water.  Very expensive – this little bottle cost me twenty-five dollars!” “Twenty-five dollars for a bottle of toiler water?” said Jack in amazement.  “Why don’t you come home with me?  You can have all you want for nothing!” 
“Now my motto in life,” said the school chaplain, “is work hard, play hard and pray hard.  How about you, Harriet?” “My motto is let bygones be bygones.” “That’s good. Why did you choose that?” “Then I wouldn’t have to take any history classes!” 
“Do you obtain good SAT results?” asked the father of a prospective pupil. “Oh, indeed we do,” said the Principal of the expensive private school. “We guarantee satisfaction – or we return the student…” 
Two kids talking:  “Have you noticed, if you pass your exams everyone says you get your brains from your parents, but if you fail your exams everyone says you’re stupid.”
The teacher was warning the class about the dangers of going to in cold weather insufficiently clad.  “There was one a boy,” he said, “who was so eager to go out and play with his sled that he didn’t put a coat or scarf on; he caught a chill, the chill led to pneumonia and he died!”  The teacher paused to allow the moral of this story to sink in, when a small voice said, “What happened to the sled ….?”  
“What did your mother do yesterday morning. Vicky?” “She done her shopping, ma’am.” “Done her shopping, Vicky? Where’s your grammar?” “She done her shopping as well, ma’am.” 
“What would you like to be when you grow up Tommy?” “I’d like to be a teacher, sir.” “Would you, indeed? And why would you like to be a teacher?” “Cause I wouldn’t have to do any more learning – I’d know everything by then!” 
“Alfred, if I had 20 marbles in my right pants pocket, 20 marbles in my left pants pocket, 40 marbles in my right hip pocket and 40 marbles in may left hip pocket – what would I have?” “Heavy pants, sir!” 
“It’s no good, sir,” said the hopeless pupil to his English teacher, ‘I try to learn, but everything you say goes in both ears and out the other.” “Goes in both ears and out the other?” asked the puzzled teacher, “but you only have two ears, son.” “You see, sir,” I’m no good at math, either!” 
Two kids talking:  “Have you noticed, if you pass your exams everyone says you get your brains from your parents, but if you fail your exams everyone says you’re stupid.”
“Now my motto in life,” said the school chaplain, “is work hard, play hard and pray hard.  How about you, Harriet?” “My motto is let bygones be bygones.” “That’s good. Why did you choose that?” “Then I wouldn’t have to take any history classes!” 
A Man rushed into a doctor's office, jumped on his back, and started screaming, "One! Two! Three! Four!" "Wait a minute!" yelled the doctor, trying to get free. “What do you think you're doing?" The man said, "Well doctor, they did say I could count on you!"
Grandpa: boy, how many miles do you walk to school? Boy: about a half mile. Grandpa: when I was your age I walked eight miles to school every day. Boy, what are your grades like? Boy: they are mostly B's. Grandpa: when I was your age I got all A's. Boy, have you ever gotten into a fight? Boy: only two times and the boy beat me up. Grandpa: When I was your age I was in a fight every day. Boy, how old are you? Boy: 9 years old. Grandpa: when I was your age I was 11 
“What did your mother do yesterday morning. Vicky?” “She done her shopping, ma’am.” “Done her shopping, Vicky? Where’s your grammar?” “She done her shopping as well, ma’am.” 
“Johnny, I’ve had a letter from your Principal, said the father. It seems you’re very careless with your appearance.” “Am I, Dad?” “Yes. You haven’t appeared in school since last semester!” 
The three friends were walking home from school. “What shall we do this afternoon?” said one. “I know,” said the second, let’s spin a coin.  If it comes down heads let’s go skating, and if it comes down tails let’s go swimming.”  “And if it comes down on its edge,” said the third, “let’s stay in and do our homework!”  
“Do you obtain good SAT results?” asked the father of a prospective pupil. “Oh, indeed we do,” said the Principal of the expensive private school. “We guarantee satisfaction – or we return the student…” 
“It’s no good, sir,” said the hopeless pupil to his English teacher, ‘I try to learn, but everything you say goes in both ears and out the other.” “Goes in both ears and out the other?” asked the puzzled teacher, “but you only have two ears, son.” “You see, sir,” I’m no good at math, either!” 
“Alfred, if I had 20 marbles in my right pants pocket, 20 marbles in my left pants pocket, 40 marbles in my right hip pocket and 40 marbles in may left hip pocket – what would I have?” “Heavy pants, sir!” 
“What would you like to be when you grow up Tommy?” “I’d like to be a teacher, sir.” “Would you, indeed? And why would you like to be a teacher?” “Cause I wouldn’t have to do any more learning – I’d know everything by then!” 
The teacher was warning the class about the dangers of going to in cold weather insufficiently clad.  “There was one a boy,” he said, “who was so eager to go out and play with his sled that he didn’t put a coat or scarf on; he caught a chill, the chill led to pneumonia and he died!”  The teacher paused to allow the moral of this story to sink in, when a small voice said, “What happened to the sled ….?”  
Two women were sitting together on an airplane. The younger woman turns to the other and says, "I don't mean to stare but your diamond ring is gorgeous.  I don't think I ever saw such a large stone."  The older woman said, "it's a very special ring; it comes with a curse!"  "Oh my, what kind of curse" said the naive young woman. This ring comes with ...Mr. Plopnick.
Man: Did it hurt? Women: Did what hurt? Man: When you fell from heaven, did it hurt?
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk, and the next Twenty-four years telling them to sit down and shut up!
After dating a young lady for some time a young man decides it is time to marry her.  He proceeds with all the necessary plans and finally the day comes.  On the day of the wedding the young man has yet to pay the pastor for performing the ceremony. However the pastor has a plan.  The service proceeds as planned the vows are exchanged etc. Now it is time for the groom to kiss his bride. The pastor sees this as the perfect opportunity to ask to be paid. He pulls the young man aside and asks him. Can you please pay me? Not wanting to create a seen the young man asked. How much do I owe you? The pastor thinks quickly and replies, pay me according to your wife's beauty. The young man discretely pulled out five dollars and gave it to the pastor.  Although annoyed by this, the pastor continues the ceremony and says; you may now kiss the bride. At this point the veil is lifted from the brides face to allow the groom to kiss her. As the groom is about to kiss his new bride the pastor interrupts and promptly hand the groom four dollars and fifty cents.    
Guy:  Do you have a map? Girl:  No, why do you ask? Guy:  Because I think I just got lost in your eyes. 
Guy:  Do you have a map? Girl:  No, why do you ask? Guy:  Because I think I just got lost in your eyes. 
Grandpa: boy, how many miles do you walk to school? Boy: about a half mile. Grandpa: when I was your age I walked eight miles to school every day. Boy, what are your grades like? Boy: they are mostly B's. Grandpa: when I was your age I got all A's. Boy, have you ever gotten into a fight? Boy: only two times and the boy beat me up. Grandpa: When I was your age I was in a fight every day. Boy, how old are you? Boy: 9 years old. Grandpa: when I was your age I was 11 
A Man rushed into a doctor's office, jumped on his back, and started screaming, "One! Two! Three! Four!" "Wait a minute!" yelled the doctor, trying to get free. “What do you think you're doing?" The man said, "Well doctor, they did say I could count on you!"
Mrs. Smith’s elderly husband doesn't feel well so she takes him to the dr. Mr. Smith leaves her in the waiting room for a while. Finally the Dr. comes and says, "Mrs. Smith I’m sorry to tell you that your husband is going to die." Mrs. Smith says, "Dr. is there anything I can do?" the Dr. told her "well there is a couple of things you could do: First you could cook him a wonderful dinner every night. Second you could give him a nice back rub every night. Third you could make love to him like you never have before every night." Mrs. Smith says ok. A little while later Mr. Smith comes out and asks Mrs. Smith "what did the Dr. say?" Mrs. Smith says, "I’m sorry honey but you are going to die."
As a member of an Internet awareness survey team, we had visited a home. The unruly owner asked, "Tell me the difference between washing machine & Internet?” When I was cursing my luck, my colleague answered, "The former washes your cloth and the later washes your brain."
When you call a dog, they usually come to you. When you call a cat; they take a message.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Luck. Luck who?  Luck through the keyhole and you'll find out  
Little Jimmy's mother was serving prunes for dessert, but little Jimmy didn't like prunes one little bit!  He grumbled and complained and absolutely refused to eat them.  Mother was very cross and told Jimmy that God would be very angry if he didn't eat his prunes.  Still he wouldn't eat them, so in desperation, mother sent him to his room.  Later in the evening a fierce thunderstorm blew up.  There was much thunder and lightning.  Feeling somewhat sorry for little Jimmy and thinking that he might be afraid of the storm, mother went up to his room.  When she opened the door, Jimmy was kneeling looking out the window.  Mother heard him say, "Gee whiz, God, all this just for two measly prunes?"
Two guys were fishing on the Ohio River.  One catches the biggest catfish either one has ever seen.  He says to his buddy, “We need to remember this spot so we can come back here again.”  His buddy pulls a pen out of his pocket and makes a big ‘X’ on the bottom of his boat.  The first guy looks at his buddy, shaking his head in disgust.  “You idiot- what if we bring another boat next time?”
Q: Where are dogs scared to go? A: The flea market!
Q. What did the fog say to the light rain after her vacation? A. I mist you. 
A student comes to a young professor's office hours. She glances down the hall, closes his door, and kneels pleadingly."I would do anything to pass this exam," she says.She leans closer to him, flips back her hair, and gazes meaningfully into his eyes. "I mean," she whispers, "I would do anything..."He returns her gaze, "Anything?""Anything."His voice softens, "Anything?""Anything," she repeats again. His voice turns to a whisper. "Would you ... study?"   
Recently on a routine police patrol parked outside a local neighborhood bar the officer noticed a man leaving the bar so intoxicated that he could barely walk. The man stumbled around the parking lot for a few minutes with the officer quietly observing. After what seemed an eternity and trying his keys on five different vehicles, the man managed to find his own car which he fell into. He was there for a few minutes as a number of other patrons left the bar and drove off. Finally he started the car, switched the wipers on and off (it was a dry night), flicked the hazard flasher on and off, tooted the horn, and then switched on the lights. He moved the vehicle forward a few inches, reversed a little, and then remained stationary for a few more minutes as more patrons left in their vehicles. At last he pulled out of the parking lot and started to drive slowly down the street. The police officer, having patiently waited all this time, now started up his patrol car, put on the flashing lights, promptly pulled the man over and carried out a breathalyzer test. To his amazement, the breathalyzer indicated no evidence of the man having consumed alcohol at all! Dumbfounded, the officer said, "I'll have to ask you to accompany me to the Police Station. This breathalyzer equipment must be broken." "I doubt it," said the man, "Tonight, I'm the designated decoy."  
Is the the sun in my eyes or did you just smile at me?
A man calls home to his wife and says, "Honey I have been asked to go fishing at a big lake up in Canada with my boss and several of his friends. We'll be gone for a week. This is a good opportunity for me to get that promotion I've been wanting, so would you please pack me enough clothes for a week and set out my rod and tackle box. We're leaving from the office and I will swing by the house to pick my things up. Oh! And please pack my new blue silk pajamas."  The wife thinks this sounds a little fishy but being a good wife she does exactly what her husband asked. The following weekend he comes home a little tired but otherwise looking good.  The wife welcomes him home and asks if he caught many fish. He says, "Yes! Lots of Walleye, some Blue gill, and a few Pike. But why didn't you pack my new blue silk pajamas like I asked you to do?"  The wife replies; "I did, they were in your tackle box."
 Two grapes go on a date. At the end of the date the boy grape took the girl grape home gave her a kiss and told her that it was their only date. She started to cry and when he asked her if she was ok. She said, "No, I'm crushed!" 
Out in the middle of nowhere a UFO drops out of the sky at a gas station, the aliens not concerned go out of the ship. The ship even has the letters UFO emblazoned on the side. While the owner of the station stands speechless, his young employee goes and fills up their tank and even waves as they pull off. After they’re gone the owner looks shocked at his employee. He says, "Do you realize what just happened?" "Yeah” he replied?" "Didn’t you see the letters UFO?" "Yeah” she repeats" and?" "Do you know what that means?" "Gee boss, I've been working here for 5 years, of course I know what it means, “Unleaded Fuel Only" 
A man walks into a pub and he asks the barman for a pint. All of a sudden he notices Vincent Van Gogh over the other side of the bar. The man asks, "Do you wanna pint, mate?" and Van Gogh says, "No thanks, I've got one ear!"
If you were from Mc Donalds, I would call you McBeautiful.
One day a chicken goes to a library and asked: “ book, book, book”. The librarian gave the chicken 3 books and the chicken went on its way...  The next day the same chicken came into the library and said “book, book, book”  So the librarian gave the chicken 3 books again... but this time she became suspicious of where the chicken was taking the books... so the librarian decided follow the chicken.  After a while the chicken came to a swamp and stopped besides a frog ... the chicken gave the three books to the frog, and the frog replied:  Read it! Read it! Read it! 
      The Smartest Dog Ever    As a butcher is shooing a dog from his shop, he sees $10 and a note in his mouth, reading: "10 lamb chops, please."  Amazed, he takes the money, puts a bag of chops in the dog's mouth, and quickly closes the shop. He follows the dog and watches him wait for a green light, look both ways, and trot across the road to a bus stop. The dog checks the timetable and sits on the bench. When a bus arrives, he walks around to the front and looks at the number, then boards the bus. The butcher follows, dumbstruck.   As the bus travels out into the suburbs, the dog takes in the scenery. After awhile he stands on his back paws to push the "stop" button, then the butcher follows him off.   The dog runs up to a house and drops his bag on the stoop. He goes back down the path, takes a big run, and throws himself -Whap! - Against the door. He does this again and again. No answer. So he jumps on a wall, walks around the garden, beats his head against a window, jumps off, and waits at the front door. A big guy opens it and starts cursing and pummeling the dog.   The butcher runs up screams at the guy: "What the hell are you doing? This dog's a genius!"   The owner responds, "Genius, no way! It's the second time this week he's forgotten his key!"  
Q. Why did Mrs. Smokey the Bear divorce Smokey the Bear? A. Because every time she got hot, he'd beat her with a shovel!   
If you were from Mc Donalds, I would call you McBeautiful.
Out in the middle of nowhere a UFO drops out of the sky at a gas station, the aliens not concerned go out of the ship. The ship even has the letters UFO emblazoned on the side. While the owner of the station stands speechless, his young employee goes and fills up their tank and even waves as they pull off. After they’re gone the owner looks shocked at his employee. He says, "Do you realize what just happened?" "Yeah” he replied?" "Didn’t you see the letters UFO?" "Yeah” she repeats" and?" "Do you know what that means?" "Gee boss, I've been working here for 5 years, of course I know what it means, “Unleaded Fuel Only" 
Q. Why did Mrs. Smokey the Bear divorce Smokey the Bear? A. Because every time she got hot, he'd beat her with a shovel!   
 Two grapes go on a date. At the end of the date the boy grape took the girl grape home gave her a kiss and told her that it was their only date. She started to cry and when he asked her if she was ok. She said, "No, I'm crushed!" 
Two rather old retired racehorses are in a bar getting totally drunk. After about two hours the first racehorse says "You know.... when I was a young racehorse...from one hundred starts, I won (hic) 90 races, got 5 seconds and 5 thirds.... I am without doubt the greatest racehorse that ever lived....blah blah blah..." In response to this and approximately a half an hour later the second racehorse responded, "Oh yeah...when I was a young racehorse...from one hundred starts, I won (hic) 95 races, got 2 seconds and 3 thirds.... I am the greatest racehorse that ever lived.... blah blah blah..." Now it was about this time that the bartender (a greyhound) decided that they were drunk enough so he said, "I am sick of you two telling one another how great you are, you are both drunk and I am throwing you out of the bar, but before I do I want to let you know that when I was a young greyhound, from one hundred starts, I won 100 races, no seconds and no thirds." The two racehorses were shocked and for 5 minutes sat with their mouths open until the fist racehorse finally said, "Isn't that amazing (hic)...a talking greyhound!" 
A cannibal son and his father are out looking for food. They are watching people walk down the street. The son suggested a particularly plump woman and the father rejected saying that she's too fatty. Later on the son asked about a very skinny woman. Again the father refused saying that she’s to skinny. After a while the son pointed out a very attractive woman.” sure son" the father replied, drooling. “We’ll take her home and eat you mother!"
There is a robbery at the cereal factory. The robber doesn't want any witnesses and there is only one man in the building so he decides to shoot him. The robber puts the gun up to the man's head and says, "Any last requests?" and the manager says, "Life."
Knock Knock. Who’s there? Rita.  Rita who? Rita book lately! 
This Antartian was out to dinner with some friends and they were talking about states and capitals.  The Antartian commented: "I can name every capital to every state and in any order you want!"  So the friends wanted to put the Antartian to the test and decided to give it a try.  Someone then said: "What is the capital to Wyoming?"  The Antartian replied with: "Can't you ask me something harder... the capital of Wyoming is easy... its W!"
One day a man is walking down the street when he sees an old man with a nice looking dog. He goes over to the man and asks: 'does your dog bite?' the old man  replies 'No never'. When the man bends down to stroke the dog, it immediately takes a snap at his hand. The man says 'I thought you said your dog did not bite! 'I did' replies the old man, but this isn't my dog!'
One day a man is walking down the street when he sees an old man with a nice looking dog. He goes over to the man and asks: 'does your dog bite?' the old man  replies 'No never'. When the man bends down to stroke the dog, it immediately takes a snap at his hand. The man says 'I thought you said your dog did not bite! 'I did' replies the old man, but this isn't my dog!'
This man says to his friend,” I stopped driving 10 years ago. Now my wife drives and I just sit there and hold the wheel."
Q:Why did the football coach go to the bank?  A:He wanted to get his quarter-back!!!
Knock-knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes the police! Come out with your hands up!
Two brothers John and Mike went fishing, every time John threw his hook he caught a fish but Mike was very unlucky. By the end of the day John had caught more than twenty fish but Mike had caught nothing. Next day Mike woke up very early in the morning, dressed in John's clothes and carried John's hook. He went to the river and sat where John was seating yesterday. He threw the hook and waited. Darkness cleared and the sun rose, after about 4 hours of his waiting a fish popped out and asked him "where is John?" 
Gus the bartender sees a mushroom entering his bar. Gus says,” We don't serve mushrooms here. Try the one next door." But the Mushroom refuses,” You have the best beer. Besides I'm fungus." (I'm fun Gus)
One mighty fine morning a string walks into a bar. The bartender says,” We Don't want any strings." "I guess I will have to find a more understanding bartender." So the next day the same string walks into the same bar and says,” I want just one shot of Beer: original. "NOOOO!"  The string gets kicked out and thinks up scheme so sinister it is worth a try. He comes back later used up of thinking, with frayed ends and a knot in his belly, made by himself.  The bartender asked: "Aren't you that same string that came in here 2- days in a row?" "Nope, I'm a frayed knot." Says the string
Confucius say: Man who want pretty nurse, must be patient.
A man looking for a job."...And remember we are very keen about clenliness. Did you wipe your shoes before entering” asked the manager. "Oh, yes sir." Replied the man. The manager narrowed his eyes and said, “We are also very keen about the truth. There is no mat." 
 Q. Why are pancakes like a baseball game?  A. Because they depend on the batter. 
One day a math teacher and his brother were out golfing. The brother was to tee off first and just before he swung he yelled "4!!” The math teacher was up next and just before he swung he yelled, "Square root of 64 divided by two!!"
Bob goes with his friend, a comedian, to a comedian's meeting.  When they get there, one of the men stands up and shouts out "34!” and all the other comedians laugh hysterically.  Bob turns to his friend and says "I don't get what was so funny!” and his friend explains to him that the Comedians' Guild has assigned each joke a number to make them easier to tell.   All through dinner, the members of the Guild stand up and say numbers, and every time, everyone laughs, so Bob decides to give it a try.  He stands up, and shouts out his favorite number: "54!"  Dead silence. Bob turns to his friend and asks "What did I do wrong?  When ever you do it, they laugh!"  And his friend answered, "You didn't tell it well." 
Confucius say: Man who want pretty nurse, must be patient.
One day a math teacher and his brother were out golfing. The brother was to tee off first and just before he swung he yelled "4!!” The math teacher was up next and just before he swung he yelled, "Square root of 64 divided by two!!"
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together!
A woman was walking in a graveyard when she saw a man kneeling by a grave shouting "WHY DID YOU HAVE TO DIE???" Feeling sorry for the man she put her hand on his arm and said "Is that your wife your grieving for?" To which the man replied, "No it’s my wife's ex husband"
Man: Whats your name? Woman: Tammy Man: You should change it to Campbells, cause you're mmm mmm GOOD!
Two elderly couples were enjoying friendly conversation when one of the men asked the other,” Fred, how was the memory clinic you went to last month?"  "Outstanding," Fred replied. "They taught us all the latest psychological techniques: visualization, association, etc. It was great." "That's great!  And what was the name of the clinic?" Fred went blank.  He thought and thought, but couldn't remember. Then a smile broke across his face and he asked, "What do you call that flower with the long stem and thorns?"  "You mean a rose?"  "Yes, that's it!" He turned to his wife, "Rose, what was the name of that memory clinic?" 
- Daddy, daddy... Why is it that everyone calls me stupid? - I don't know kid; I am not your daddy.
Ol' Fred had been a faithful Christian and was in the hospital, near death. The family called their preacher to stand with them.  As the preacher stood next to the bed, Ol' Fred's condition appeared to deteriorate and he motioned frantically for something to write on.  The pastor lovingly handed him a pen and a piece of paper, and Ol' Fred used his last bit of energy to scribble a note, then suddenly died.  The preacher thought it best not to look at the note at that time, so he placed it in his jacket pocket.  At the funeral, as he was finishing the message, he realized that he was wearing the same jacket that he was wearing when Ol' Fred died.  He said, "You know, Ol' Fred handed me a note just before he died.  I haven't looked at it, but knowing Fred, I'm sure there's a word of inspiration there for us all."  He opened the note, and read, "Please step to your left -- you're standing on my oxygen tube!" 
Guy: Miss, do have a bandaid?  Girl: Yes, why?  Guy: Because I scraped my knees when I fell for you!
Q: How do you catch a sqirrel?  A: Climb up a tree and act like a nut.
-	EVER WONDER -	  -	 Why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens our skin? -	  -	 Why women can't put on mascara with their mouth closed? -	  -	 Why don't you ever see the headline "Psychic Wins Lottery"? -	  -	 Why is "abbreviated" such a long word? -	  -	 Why is it that doctors call what they do "practice"? -	  -	 Why is it that to stop Windows 98, you have to click on "Start"? -	  -	 Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor, and dishwashing liquid -	 made with real lemons? -	  -	 Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker? -	  -	 Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour? -	  -	 Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? -	  -	 When dog food is new and improved tasting, who tests it? -	 -	 Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes? -	  -	 Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injections? -	  -	 You know that indestructible black box that is used on airplanes? Why -	 don't they make the whole plane out of that stuff? -	  -	 Why don't sheep shrink when it rains? -	  -	 Why are they called apartments when they are all stuck together? -	  -	 If con is the opposite of pro, is Congress the opposite of progress? -	  -	 If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the terminal? 
Three men wanted to cross a river.  They had no idea how to cross it, so one man knelt down on his knees and prayed "Lord give me the power and strength the cross the river." suddenly the man became very strong and swam across the river.  The next man thought: if it worked for him, it'll work for me.  So he knelt down and prayed "Lord give the skills and the strength to cross the river." the man built a canoe and rowed himself across the river.  The last man thought: if it worked for both of them, I know it'll work for me.  So he also knelt down and prayed "Lord give me the wisdom and knowledge to cross the river." He turned into a woman and walked across the bridge.
A guy walking down a street one afternoon passes an old man sitting on the side of the road with a large sack.    The younger guy says to the old man, "Watcha got in the sack?"    The old man responds, "I got some monkeys in that there sack."    The younger man asks, "If I guess how many monkeys you got in the sack, can I keep one?"    The old man replies, "Son, if you guess how many monkeys I got in this sack, I'll give you both of 'em!" 
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together!
Q: How do you catch a sqirrel?  A: Climb up a tree and act like a nut.
Q:  What do you call a woman who marries an old, ugly and poor man? A:  Stupid! Q:  What do you call a man who marries an old, ugly and poor woman? A:  Desperate!
Ol' Fred had been a faithful Christian and was in the hospital, near death. The family called their preacher to stand with them.  As the preacher stood next to the bed, Ol' Fred's condition appeared to deteriorate and he motioned frantically for something to write on.  The pastor lovingly handed him a pen and a piece of paper, and Ol' Fred used his last bit of energy to scribble a note, then suddenly died.  The preacher thought it best not to look at the note at that time, so he placed it in his jacket pocket.  At the funeral, as he was finishing the message, he realized that he was wearing the same jacket that he was wearing when Ol' Fred died.  He said, "You know, Ol' Fred handed me a note just before he died.  I haven't looked at it, but knowing Fred, I'm sure there's a word of inspiration there for us all."  He opened the note, and read, "Please step to your left -- you're standing on my oxygen tube!" 
Q:  What do you call a woman who marries an old, ugly and poor man? A:  Stupid! Q:  What do you call a man who marries an old, ugly and poor woman? A:  Desperate!
- Daddy, daddy... Why is it that everyone calls me stupid? - I don't know kid; I am not your daddy.
Guy: Miss, do have a bandaid?  Girl: Yes, why?  Guy: Because I scraped my knees when I fell for you!
-	EVER WONDER -	  -	 Why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens our skin? -	  -	 Why women can't put on mascara with their mouth closed? -	  -	 Why don't you ever see the headline "Psychic Wins Lottery"? -	  -	 Why is "abbreviated" such a long word? -	  -	 Why is it that doctors call what they do "practice"? -	  -	 Why is it that to stop Windows 98, you have to click on "Start"? -	  -	 Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor, and dishwashing liquid -	 made with real lemons? -	  -	 Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker? -	  -	 Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour? -	  -	 Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? -	  -	 When dog food is new and improved tasting, who tests it? -	 -	 Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes? -	  -	 Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injections? -	  -	 You know that indestructible black box that is used on airplanes? Why -	 don't they make the whole plane out of that stuff? -	  -	 Why don't sheep shrink when it rains? -	  -	 Why are they called apartments when they are all stuck together? -	  -	 If con is the opposite of pro, is Congress the opposite of progress? -	  -	 If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the terminal? 
You are going to get a ticket because you have FINE written all over your body.
Q: Why did the parrot wear a raincoat?.  A: He wanted to be a polyunsaturated!
Two elderly couples were enjoying friendly conversation when one of the men asked the other,” Fred, how was the memory clinic you went to last month?"  "Outstanding," Fred replied. "They taught us all the latest psychological techniques: visualization, association, etc. It was great." "That's great!  And what was the name of the clinic?" Fred went blank.  He thought and thought, but couldn't remember. Then a smile broke across his face and he asked, "What do you call that flower with the long stem and thorns?"  "You mean a rose?"  "Yes, that's it!" He turned to his wife, "Rose, what was the name of that memory clinic?" 
Q: What should you do if you are imagining that you are in a jungle and that a lion is chasing you?  A:  Stop Imagining 
Q. What do you call a person who goes on talking when nobody listens? A. A teacher!
Stupid.....But funny...     Subject: Funnies  Things to make you stop and think    1. Only in America......can a pizza get to your house faster than an  ambulance.    2. Only in America......are there handicap parking places in front of a skating rink.  3. Only in America......do drugstores make the sick walk all the way to     the back of the store to get their prescriptions while healthy people     can buy cigarettes at the front.  4. Only in America......do people order double cheeseburgers, large     fries, and a diet coke.  5. Only in America......do banks leave both doors open and then chain     the pens to the counters.  6. Only in America......do we leave cars worth thousands of dollars in     thedriveway and put our useless junk in the garage.  7. Only in America......do we use answering machines to screen calls and     then have call waiting so we won't miss a call from someone we didn't     want to talk to in the first place.  8. Only in America......do we buy hot dogs in packages of ten and buns in     packages of eight.  9. Only in America......do we use the word 'politics' to describe the     process so well: 'Poli' in Latin meaning 'many' and 'tics' meaning     'bloodsucking creatures'.  10. Only in America......do they have drive-up ATM machines with Braille      lettering.      
A long time drunk was lying in his hospital bed, still groggy from the effects of his recent operation. His doctor came in looking very glum. "I can't be sure what's wrong with you," the doctor said. "I think it's the drinking." "All right," said the patient. "Can we get an opinion from a doctor who's sober?" 
I sure hope you are a library book, because I am checkin' you out!
Q: Why did the turkey cross the road? A: To prove it wasn't a chicken.
Two strings go into a bar and ask for a drink each. The Bartender says, "I'm sorry, we don't let strings drink here." The two strings leave and go into another bar and ask for a drink each. The Bartender of this bar says, "I'm sorry, I'm not allowed to let strings drink." One of the strings gives up. The other bashes himself into walls, winds himself up, and rubs against the carpet. When the string goes into the bar, he asks for a drink. The Bartender says, "Sure! By the way, you haven't seen a couple of strings walking around, have you?" The string replies, "Sorry! I'm afraid not!"  (A frayed knot)
Smart man + Smart Woman = Romance Smart Man + Dumb Woman = Pregnancy Dumb Man + Smart Woman = Affair Dumb Man + Dumb Woman = Marriage
A man started a new job at a zoo.  He was given his first job by the zoo owner – to clean out the large tropical fish tank, which contained many exotic species.    While removing some gravel from the tank with his spade, he accidently hit one of the fish and killed it.  Worried about losing his job for this mistake, he decided to hide the evidence.  He took the fish and fed it to the lions because lions eat anything.    The zoo owner did not notice the missing fish and gave the man a new job – to muck out the chimps.  He was in the middle of mucking out when two of the chimps became a bit over familiar and, in an attempt to get them away the man lashed out with his spade, killing two chimps.  In his panic he decided to hide the evidence and fed the unfortunate chimpanzees to the lions because lions eat anything.    The zoo owner was pleased with the man’s work and as his final task for the day he asked him to collect honey from the zoo’s beehives.  The man tried hard to do this without upsetting the bees, but some got angry and stung him.  He grabbed his spade and whirled it above his head, squashing and killing several dozen bees.  Plagued with guilt, he fed these to the lions as well because lions eat anything.    The next day, a new lion arrived at the zoo.  He enquired of the existing residents “what’s the food like here?”  One of the zoo’s resident lions said, “Oh, it’s great.  Only yesterday we had fish, chimps and mushy bees.”   
A priest, a wizard, and an engineer are sentenced to be beheaded.  The priest is first and is offered a final request, to which he asks to pray. After saying a few words, he steps up to the guillotine.  The blade falls, and an inch above his neck, its stops.  He yells wildly "My God has saved me", and seeing this miracle, his captors release him.  The wizard steps up, and he in turn asks to say a few words before his death.  He says a few words in an unknown tongue, points at the guillotine, and then puts his head down to be lopped off.  Again, an inch above his head the blade stops.  He shouts wildly "my magic has saved me", and he is released.  The engineer is than lead up to the block and says, "For my last request, I would like to face up so I can see my death coming."  He is placed looking up and just before they release the blade he shouts "WAIT! I see what the problem is!"
"You know you are getting old when you stoop to tie your shoes and wonder what else you can do while you're down there."
SICK DAYS: We will no longer accept a doctor statement as proof of sickness. If you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to come to work.   SURGERY: Operations are now banned. As long as you are an employee here, you need all your organs. You should not consider removing anything. We hired you intact. To have something removed constitutes a breach of employment.   PERSONAL DAYS: Each employee will receive 104 personal days a year. They are called Saturday and Sunday.   VACATION DAYS: All employees will take their vacation at the same time every year. The vacation days are as follows: Jan. 1, July 4 & Dec. 25   BEREAVEMENT LEAVE: This is no excuse for missing work. There is nothing you can do for dead friends, relatives or coworkers. Every effort should be made to have non-employees attend to the arrangements. In rare cases where employee involvement is necessary, the funeral should be scheduled in the late afternoon. We will be glad to allow you to work through your lunch hour and subsequently leave one hour early, provided your share of the work is done enough.   OUT FROM YOUR OWN DEATH: This will be accepted as an excuse. However, we require at least two weeks notice, as it is your duty to train your own replacement.   RESTROOM USE: Entirely too much time is being spent in the restroom. In the future, we will follow the practice of going in alphabetical order. For instance, all employees whose names begin with 'A' will go from 8:00 to 8:20, employees whose names begin with 'B' will go from 8:20 to 8:40 and so on. If you're unable to go at your allotted time, it will be necessary to wait until the next day when your turn comes again. In extreme emergencies employees may swap their time with a coworker. Both employees' supervisors in writing must approve this exchange. In addition, there is now a strict 3-minute time limit in the stalls. At the end of three minutes, an alarm will sound, the toilet paper roll will retract, and the stall door will open.   LUNCH BREAK: Skinny people get an hour for lunch as they need to eat more so that they can look healthy, normal size people get 30 minutes for lunch to get a balanced meal to maintain the average figure. Fat people get 5 minutes for lunch because that's all the time needed to drink a Slim Fast and take a diet pill. Sondra gets none.   DRESS CODE: It is advised that you come to work dressed according to your salary, if we see you wearing $350 Prada sneakers and carrying a $600 Gucci bag we assume you are doing well financially and therefore you do not need a raise.   Thank you for your loyalty to our company. We are here to provide a positive employment experience. Therefore, all questions comments, concerns, complaints, frustrations, irritations, aggravations, insinuations, allegations, accusations, contemplations, consternations or input should be directed elsewhere. Have a nice week.   -- Management   
A little girl was being selfish to her brothers. Her Dad sat her down and gave her a big lecture about being selfish. When he was done, the little girl said; "Daddy, I don't even have a shell fish!
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender laughs and says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks at the bartender, with a look of extreme confusion on his face, and says, "You have a drink called Steve?"
At a fancy reception a young man was asked by a widow to guess her age. "You must have some idea," she urged as he hesitated. "I have several ideas," he admitted with a smile, "the trouble is that I don't know whether to make it ten years younger because of your looks or ten years older because of your intelligence." 
A man sees a beautiful woman. Approaching her, and in his coolest Barry White tone says: " If good looks where a   minute, you would be an hour" The woman looks deep into the man's eyes and in her sexiest voice replies: "If good looks were within your reach, you wouldn’t have any arms." 
The owner of a small computer store was getting tired of fixing the exact same problem over and over on computers for people...one day 3 customers came in at the same time. He looked at them all and said. Everyone one of your computers gave me this error message "Error you have a syntax IDtenT error.and asked them to right it down. All of them got out their pens and wrote IDtenT error, he smiled then told them. No that's not how you write it is the number "10". So they all wrote it again...ID10T error
 Little Johnny's class were on an outing to their local police station where they saw pictures, of the ten most wanted men, tacked to a bulletin board. On the way out of the police station Little Johnny said to the officer, "it was so nice of you to put my daddy's picture up there."
 Little Johnny's class were on an outing to their local police station where they saw pictures, of the ten most wanted men, tacked to a bulletin board. On the way out of the police station Little Johnny said to the officer, "it was so nice of you to put my daddy's picture up there."
Tony Blair and George W Bush had been sent to hell.  The Devil had prepared two cells for them.  Tony Blair walked into this dingy cold room that had rats running all over it.  The Devil said, "Tony Blair, this is your eternal punishment!"  George W Bush was not looking forward to his cell, so imagine his surprise when he entered a beautiful pink room with Pamela Anderson inside.  The Devil announced, "Pamela Anderson, this is your eternal punishment!"
Okay, so a Texan rancher comes upon a farmer from Maine. The Texan looks at the Mainer and asks, "Say, how much land you think you got here?" Mainer: 'Bout 10 acres I'd say." Texan (boasting): Well, on my lot, it takes me all day to drive completely around my property!" Mainer: "Yep, I got one of them trucks too."
A rapist, a gangster and a murderer are in the same car...  Who is driving the car? A police officer! 
A man in Ireland is driving his Morris Miner to the ferry port to go home in England. Suddenly, his car breaks down. A bloke in a Ferrari pulls up and says he has a towrope in his boot, but he warns that he is a fast driver.  So if he goes too fast, just flash your lights and beep your horn. They set off and suddenly the Ferrari driver spots a Porsche. He thinks “this is no good, I must overtake that Porsche.” So he speeds up, the driver of the Porsche speeds up, until they are speeding like a man-on-fire! The driver of the Morris miner starts flashing its lights and beeping its horn. Meanwhile, Paddy, Mick and Ferges are standing on their driveway. Suddenly, ZOOM! Goes the Porsche. ZOOM! Goes the Ferrari. ZOOM! Goes the Morris Miner.  Paddy says 'did you see that Porsche, it was going' at least a 100 miles an hour!' Mick replies 'yep, that was okay, but did you see that Ferrari, that was 110 miles an hour' Ferges thinks, then says 'they were both quite speedy, but did you see, did you see that Morris Miner, it was indicating and beeping it's horn to overtake the both of them!' 
I sure hope you are a library book, because I am checkin' you out!
Tony Blair and George W Bush had been sent to hell.  The Devil had prepared two cells for them.  Tony Blair walked into this dingy cold room that had rats running all over it.  The Devil said, "Tony Blair, this is your eternal punishment!"  George W Bush was not looking forward to his cell, so imagine his surprise when he entered a beautiful pink room with Pamela Anderson inside.  The Devil announced, "Pamela Anderson, this is your eternal punishment!"
A rapist, a gangster and a murderer are in the same car...  Who is driving the car? A police officer! 
Okay, so a Texan rancher comes upon a farmer from Maine. The Texan looks at the Mainer and asks, "Say, how much land you think you got here?" Mainer: 'Bout 10 acres I'd say." Texan (boasting): Well, on my lot, it takes me all day to drive completely around my property!" Mainer: "Yep, I got one of them trucks too."
A man wanted to prove to a group of alcoholics the effect of alcohol in human body system. He brought two jars; one containing water and the other containing alcohol, along with a very healthy worm. He said to the audience:  "This jar contain water" He dropped the worm in the jar and said, "Please watch the reaction". The worm swam to the side of the jar and up it floats dangling and swimming.  The man took the worm out of the first jar and put it in the second jar containing alcohol and said to the audience " now watch the reaction" The worm went right down into the water and struggled for survival. There and then every body saw the worm shrinking and dis-integrating, and in one word, died.  The man turned round an asked the audience " what would you all say to this".  After a long silence, someone from the rear stood up and said " I can see that if I drink alcohol, there will be no more worn in my body". 
A girl walks into a supermarket and asks the clerk,” Can I have a turkey for my grandma?" the clerk responds,” Sorry. We don't do exchanges."
A man and an ostrich walk into a restaurant. The waitress asks, "What will it be?"   The man replied, "a burger and a coke."  "And you?"  "I'll have the same," the ostrich replies. They finish their meal and pay.   "That will be $4.50." The man reached into his pocket and pulled out the exact amount. They do this every day till Friday. "The usual?" she asked.  "No, today is Friday. I'll have steak and a coke."  "Me too," says the ostrich.   They finish and pay. "That will be $10.95." The man reached in and pulls out the exact amount again just like all week. The waitress was dumb-founded. "How is it that you always have the exact amount?"  "Well," says the man. "I was cleaning my attic and I found a dusty lamp. I rubbed it and a genie appeared."  "Wow!" said the waitress. "What did you wish for?"  "I asked that when I needed to pay for something, the exact amount would appear in my pocket."   "Amazing! Most people would ask for a million dollars. But what's with the ostrich?" she asked.   "Well," said the man. "I also asked for a chick with long legs."
Q: An electric train is travaling South and the wind is blowing East. Which way is the   smoke blowing?  A: There is no smoke it's an electric train. 
After a long day a sailor enters a bar, and noticed a pirate sitting at the bar. The pirate has a peg leg, a hook for a hand, and an eye patch. So the sailor walks over to the pirate and says, “May I ask how you lost your leg?"  The pirate replied,"Arrrrr one stormy night on me ship I fell overboard, and a shark swam up to me and bit off me leg." The sailor says,"That's to bad, but how did you lose your hand?" The pirate resplied,"Arrrrr one day at sea me and my crew were battling an enemy and we were using swords so one of those B**t**ds cut off me hand." "How did you lose your eye? Asked the sailor. "Well, one summer day I was looking at the clouds, and a seagull came and pooped in me eye." Said the pirate. "You lost your eye because a seagull pooped in it? “Said the sailor. " No, you see it was the first day with the hook! “Said the pirate.
An executive was interviewing a young woman for a position in his company.  He wanted to learn something about her personality, so he asked, "if you could have a conversation with anyone, living or dead, who would it be?"  She quickly responded, "The living one." 
Four best friends met at the hospital since their wives were giving births to their babies. The nurse comes up to the first man and says, "Congratulations, you got twins." The man said "How strange, I'm the manager of Minnesota Twins." After awhile the nurse comes up to the second man and says, "Congratulations, you got triplets." Man was like "Hmmm, strange I worked as a director for the "3 musketeers." Finally, the nurse comes up to the third man and says  "Congratulations, you got twins x2." Man is happy and says, "Ironic, I work for the hotel "4 Seasons." All three of them are happy until they see their last buddy jumping all over the place, cursing God and banging his head on the wall. They asked him what's wrong and he answered, "What's wrong? I work for 7up"! 
Q: What does a cannibal use for a menu? A: A phone book
A man went into his dentist to see why his dentures kept decaying rapidly on him.  The dentist looked at his dentures and remarked, "This is very odd, they look like something's been eating them.  Is there anything different that you've been eating lately?"  The man thought for a bit and said, "Well, my wife has been making a lot of eggs benedict recently with hollandaise sauce."  "Ah!" exclaimed the dentist, "That's it.  I know just what you need.  I'm going to order you some new dentures with plates made out of chrome."  "Chrome?" exclaimed the man incredulously, "Why Chrome?"  "Because, There's no plates like chrome for the hollandaise"  ("There's no place like home for the holidays") 
A year ago, Hans Vonk conducted the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra in a production of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony.  During the final movement of Beethoven's Ninth, there is a large pause in the Orchestration where only the chorus sings.    Four bass players, feeling they could use this break to get out and stretch their legs, slipped off backstage and proceeded to go outside to smoke a cigarette and take a little nip from a bottle one of them was carrying.  Well, they lost track of time and became quite inebriated.  Finally one of them says, "Say!  We should really be getting back in...  It's almost time to play our part."  "Don't worry," confided one of the other bassists with a wink.  "I've fixed it so that we have a longer pause...  I tied together the last parts of the conductor's score before our part begins!"  All the bass players had a good chuckle and took a few more swigs and headed in.  Once they popped back on stage, they saw that conductor Vonk was absolutely furious.  After all, it was the bottom of the Ninth, the basses were loaded, and the score was tied. 
Three visitors to London climb up the tower that houses Big Ben and decide to have a contest. They're going to throw their watches off the top, run down the stairs and try to catch the watches before they hit the ground.   The first tourist throws his watch, takes three steps and hears his watch crash. The second throws his watch and takes only two steps when he hears his watch shatter.   The third tosses his watch off the tower, jogs down the stairs, goes to a candy store, buys a snack, walks back to Big Ben and catches his watch. "How did you do that?" asks one of his friends.   "My watch is 30 minutes slow."  
How is your new job at the factory?”  One guy asked another. “I’m not going back there.” Why not?” “For many reasons,” he answered.  “The sloppiness, the shoddy workmanship, the awful language – they just couldn’t put up with it. 
Q. Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women? A. When it’s time to g back to their childhood, they ‘re already there. 
An inexperienced real estate salesman asked his boss if he could refund the deposit to an angry customer who had discovered that the lot he had bought was under water. “What kind of salesman are you?” the boss scolded.  “Get out there and sell him a boat.” 
Your Honor,” began the defense attorney, “my client has been characterized as an incorrigible bank robber, without a single socially redeeming feature.  I intend to disprove that.” “And how will you accomplish this?” the judge inquired. “By proving beyond a shadow of a doubt,” replied the lawyer, “that the note my client handed the teller was on recycled paper.” 
Don had just returned from two weeks of vacation. He asked his boss for two more weeks off to get married. “What!” shouted the boss.  “I can’t give you more time now. Whey didn’t you get married while you were off?” “Are you nuts?” replied Don.  “That would have ruined my entire vacation!” 
Before a burglary trial, the judge explained to the defendant, “You can let me try your case, or you can choose to have a jury of your peers.” The man thought for a moment. “What are peers?” he asked. “They’re people just like you – your equals.” “Forget it,” retorted the defendant. “I don’t want to be tried by a bunch of thieves.” 
The reading material at the barbershop consisted entirely of murder stores, mysteries, thrillers, and ghost tales. When Peter asked the barber if he wanted to terrify his customers he replied. “No Peter. These books make the customers’ hair stand up and then it becomes easier to trim and cut.” 
A tail gunner was being court-martialed. “What did you hear in your headset?” demanded a superior officer. “Well,” replied the airman. “I heard my squadron leader holler, ‘Enemy planes at 5 o’clock!” “What action did you take?’ persisted another officer. “Why, sir,” replied the gunner, “I just sat back and waited. It was only 4:30.”  
Through the pitch-black night, the captain sees a light dead ahead on a collision course with his ship.  He sends a signal:  “Change your course 10 degree east.” The light signals back:  “Change yours, 10 degrees west.” Angry, the captain sends: “I’m a navy captain!  Change your course, sir!” “I’m a seaman, second class,” comes the reply. “Change your course, sir.” Now the captain is furious. “I’m a battleship!  I’m not changing course!” There is one last reply. “I’m a lighthouse. Your call.” 
A tail gunner was being court-martialed. “What did you hear in your headset?” demanded a superior officer. “Well,” replied the airman. “I heard my squadron leader holler, ‘Enemy planes at 5 o’clock!” “What action did you take?’ persisted another officer. “Why, sir,” replied the gunner, “I just sat back and waited. It was only 4:30.”  
During a training exercise, an army unit was late for afternoon inspection.   “Where are those camouflage trucks?” the irate colonel barked.  “They’re here somewhere,” replied the sergeant, “but we can’t  find’em.” 
Through the pitch-black night, the captain sees a light dead ahead on a collision course with his ship.  He sends a signal:  “Change your course 10 degree east.” The light signals back:  “Change yours, 10 degrees west.” Angry, the captain sends: “I’m a navy captain!  Change your course, sir!” “I’m a seaman, second class,” comes the reply. “Change your course, sir.” Now the captain is furious. “I’m a battleship!  I’m not changing course!” There is one last reply. “I’m a lighthouse. Your call.” 
A woman went to her dentist to have her dentures adjusted for the fifth time. She said they still didn’t fit.  “Well,” said the dentist “I’ll do it again this time, but no more.  There’s no reason why these shouldn’t fit your mouth easily.” “Who said anything about my mouth?” he woman answered. “They don’t fit in the glass!” 
How is your new job at the factory?”  One guy asked another. “I’m not going back there.” Why not?” “For many reasons,” he answered.  “The sloppiness, the shoddy workmanship, the awful language – they just couldn’t put up with it. 
An inexperienced real estate salesman asked his boss if he could refund the deposit to an angry customer who had discovered that the lot he had bought was under water. “What kind of salesman are you?” the boss scolded.  “Get out there and sell him a boat.” 
Q. Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women? A. When it’s time to g back to their childhood, they ‘re already there. 
The reading material at the barbershop consisted entirely of murder stores, mysteries, thrillers, and ghost tales. When Peter asked the barber if he wanted to terrify his customers he replied. “No Peter. These books make the customers’ hair stand up and then it becomes easier to trim and cut.” 
Psychiatrist to patient: "You have nothing to worry about - anyone who can pay my bill is certainly not a failure."
A man visiting a graveyard saw a tombstone that read: “Here lies John Smith, a lawyer and an honest man.” “How about that!” he exclaimed. “They’ve got three people buried in one grave.” 
Overheard at the track: “Horse racing is very romantic.  The horse hugs the rail, the jockey puts his arms around the horse, and you kiss your money good-by.”
Your Honor,” began the defense attorney, “my client has been characterized as an incorrigible bank robber, without a single socially redeeming feature.  I intend to disprove that.” “And how will you accomplish this?” the judge inquired. “By proving beyond a shadow of a doubt,” replied the lawyer, “that the note my client handed the teller was on recycled paper.” 
Having completed a course of analysis with his psychiatrist, John tells a friend: “I always thought I was indecisive” Friend: “And now?” John: “I’m not so sure.” 
Jay went to a psychiatrist.  “Doc, he said, “I’ve got trouble. Every time I get into bed I think there is somebody under it. I get under the bed; I think there’s somebody on top of it. Top, under, under top. I’m going crazy!” “Just put yourself in my hands for two years,” said the shrink. “Come to me three times a week and I’ll cure you.” “How much do you charge?” “A hundred dollars per visit.” “I’ll think about it.” Jay never went back.  Some time later he met the doctor on the street. “Why didn’t you ever come to see me again? Asked the psychiatrist. “For a hundred buck a visit? A bartender cured me for 10 dollars.” “Is that so! How?” “He told me to cut the legs off the bed.” 
Doctor,” the man said to his ophthalmologist, “I was looking in the mirror this morning, and I notice that one of my eyes is different from the other!” “Oh”? Replied the doctor “Which one?” 
Peter called his doctor’s office for an appointment. “I’m sorry,” said the receptionist, “we can’t fit you in for at least two weeks.” “But I could be dead by then!” “No problem. If your wife lets us know, we’ll cancel the appointment.” 
Don had just returned from two weeks of vacation. He asked his boss for two more weeks off to get married. “What!” shouted the boss.  “I can’t give you more time now. Whey didn’t you get married while you were off?” “Are you nuts?” replied Don.  “That would have ruined my entire vacation!” 
Before a burglary trial, the judge explained to the defendant, “You can let me try your case, or you can choose to have a jury of your peers.” The man thought for a moment. “What are peers?” he asked. “They’re people just like you – your equals.” “Forget it,” retorted the defendant. “I don’t want to be tried by a bunch of thieves.” 
A man visiting a graveyard saw a tombstone that read: “Here lies John Smith, a lawyer and an honest man.” “How about that!” he exclaimed. “They’ve got three people buried in one grave.” 
Overheard at the track: “Horse racing is very romantic.  The horse hugs the rail, the jockey puts his arms around the horse, and you kiss your money good-by.”
Jay went to a psychiatrist.  “Doc, he said, “I’ve got trouble. Every time I get into bed I think there is somebody under it. I get under the bed; I think there’s somebody on top of it. Top, under, under top. I’m going crazy!” “Just put yourself in my hands for two years,” said the shrink. “Come to me three times a week and I’ll cure you.” “How much do you charge?” “A hundred dollars per visit.” “I’ll think about it.” Jay never went back.  Some time later he met the doctor on the street. “Why didn’t you ever come to see me again? Asked the psychiatrist. “For a hundred buck a visit? A bartender cured me for 10 dollars.” “Is that so! How?” “He told me to cut the legs off the bed.” 
Doctor,” the man said to his ophthalmologist, “I was looking in the mirror this morning, and I notice that one of my eyes is different from the other!” “Oh”? Replied the doctor “Which one?” 
Peter called his doctor’s office for an appointment. “I’m sorry,” said the receptionist, “we can’t fit you in for at least two weeks.” “But I could be dead by then!” “No problem. If your wife lets us know, we’ll cancel the appointment.” 
Psychiatrist to patient: "You have nothing to worry about - anyone who can pay my bill is certainly not a failure."
Having completed a course of analysis with his psychiatrist, John tells a friend: “I always thought I was indecisive” Friend: “And now?” John: “I’m not so sure.” 
An older man met an acquaintance and asked how his wife was: then, suddenly remembering that she had died, he blurted out, “Still in the same cemetery?”
A professor of English and the editor of the local newspaper had many friendly arguments. One Friday evening the professor was walking out of a local club with a bottle of whiskey wrapped in that day’s newspaper. “Oh!” said the editor, who was walking past.  “Looks like there’s something interesting in that paper.” “Aye,” replied the professor. “It’s the most interesting item that’s been in it all week.   
After being laid off from five different jobs in four months, Peter was hired by a warehouse.  But one day he lost control of the forklift and drove it off the loading dock. Surveying the damage, the owner shook his head and said he’d have to withhold 10 percent of Peter’s wages to pay for the repairs.  “How much will it cost?” asked Peter “About $4,500,” said the owner. “What a relief!” exclaimed Peter.  “I’ve finally got job security!” 
Peter was telling a friend that he had just lost his job. “ Why did the foreman fire you?” the friend asked in surprise. “Oh,” Peter said, “you know how foreman are.  They stand around with their hands in their pockets watching everybody else work.” “We all know that,” replied his friend. “But why did he let you go?” “Jealousy,” answered Pete. “All the other workers thought I was the foreman.” 
An older man met an acquaintance and asked how his wife was: then, suddenly remembering that she had died, he blurted out, “Still in the same cemetery?”
Peter was telling a friend that he had just lost his job. “ Why did the foreman fire you?” the friend asked in surprise. “Oh,” Peter said, “you know how foreman are.  They stand around with their hands in their pockets watching everybody else work.” “We all know that,” replied his friend. “But why did he let you go?” “Jealousy,” answered Pete. “All the other workers thought I was the foreman.” 
After being laid off from five different jobs in four months, Peter was hired by a warehouse.  But one day he lost control of the forklift and drove it off the loading dock. Surveying the damage, the owner shook his head and said he’d have to withhold 10 percent of Peter’s wages to pay for the repairs.  “How much will it cost?” asked Peter “About $4,500,” said the owner. “What a relief!” exclaimed Peter.  “I’ve finally got job security!” 
A professor of English and the editor of the local newspaper had many friendly arguments. One Friday evening the professor was walking out of a local club with a bottle of whiskey wrapped in that day’s newspaper. “Oh!” said the editor, who was walking past.  “Looks like there’s something interesting in that paper.” “Aye,” replied the professor. “It’s the most interesting item that’s been in it all week.   
Did you hear about the politically correct country club? They no longer refer to their golfers as having handicaps. Instead they're "stroke challenged"
Are you my caddie? asked the golfer. "Yes, sir," replied the lad. "And you are good at finding lost balls?" "Yes, sir." "Right then. Find one and let's star the game."
What's your handicap these days?" one golfer asked another. "I'm a scratch golfer...I write down all my good scores and  scratch out all my bad ones."
The minister was on the golf course when he heard a duffer, deep in a sand trap, let loose a stream of profanity.  “I have often noticed,” chided the minister, “that the best golfers are not addicted to the use of foul language.” “Of course not,” screamed the man. “What do they have to swear about? 
A fisherman accidentally left his day’s catch under the seat of a bus.  The next evening’s newspaper carried an ad:  “If the person who left a bucket of fish on the No. 47 bus would care to come to the garage, he can have the bus.”
First golfer: “I have the greatest golf ball in the world.  You can’t lose it.” Second golfer: “How so?” First golfer: “If you hit it into the sand, it beeps.  You hit it into the water, it floats. If you want to play golf at night it glows.” Second golfer: “Hey, sounds good.  Where did you get it?” First golfer: “I found it in the woods.” 
Two would-be fishermen rented a boat, and one caught a large fish. “We should mark the spot,” he said.  The other man drew a large X in the bottom of the boat with a black maker “That’s no good,” said the first man. “Next time out we may not get the same boat.” 
A hunting party is hopelessly lost.  “I thought you said you were the best guide in Maine!” one of the hunters angrily said to their confused leader. “I am, “replied the guide.  “But I think we’re in Canada now.” 
Two old buddies went fishing and one lost his dentures over the side of the boat in rough weather, so his prankster friend removed his own false teeth, tied them on his line and pretended he had caught the missing gnashers.  Unhooking the teeth, his grateful mate tried to put them into his mouth, then hurled them into the sea with the disgusted remark: “They’re not mine – they don’t fit!” 
Wife: “How’d your doctor appointment go? Husband: “Well, there’s good news and bad news. My blood pressure’s high and  I’m overweight.  But, at the doctor’s suggestion, I’m going to take up golf!” Wife:  “And the good news?” 
A married couple, both avid golfers, was discussing the future one night. "Honey," the wife said, "if I were to die and you were to remarry, would you two live in this house?"  "I suppose so, it's paid for."  "How about our car," continued the woman, "would the two of you keep that?  "I suppose so, it's paid for."  "What about my golf clubs? Would you let her use them too?"  "Heck, no," the husband blurted out.  "She is left-handed."
A fisherman accidentally left his day’s catch under the seat of a bus.  The next evening’s newspaper carried an ad:  “If the person who left a bucket of fish on the No. 47 bus would care to come to the garage, he can have the bus.”
First golfer: “I have the greatest golf ball in the world.  You can’t lose it.”  Second golfer: “How so?”  First golfer: “If you hit it into the sand, it beeps.  You hit it into the water, it floats. If you want to play golf at night it glows.”  Second golfer: “Hey, sounds good.  Where did you get it?”  First golfer: “I found it in the woods.” 
Two would-be fishermen rented a boat, and one caught a large fish. “We should mark the spot,” he said.  The other man drew a large X in the bottom of the boat with a black maker “That’s no good,” said the first man. “Next time out we may not get the same boat.” 
A hunting party is hopelessly lost.  “I thought you said you were the best guide in Maine!” one of the hunters angrily said to their confused leader. “I am, “replied the guide.  “But I think we’re in Canada now.” 
Two old buddies went fishing and one lost his dentures over the side of the boat in rough weather, so his prankster friend removed his own false teeth, tied them on his line and pretended he had caught the missing gnashers.  Unhooking the teeth, his grateful mate tried to put them into his mouth, then hurled them into the sea with the disgusted remark: “They’re not mine – they don’t fit!” 
Wife: “How’d your doctor appointment go? Husband: “Well, there’s good news and bad news. My blood pressure’s high and  I’m overweight.  But, at the doctor’s suggestion, I’m going to take up golf!” Wife:  “And the good news?” 
One night, a man's wife wakes up in the middle of the night and finds that her husband isn't in bed. She goes downstairs to look for him and finds him in the kitchen sitting down at the table. He doesn't look so happy, so she asks him "What's wrong honey?" He says, "Well, if 'I will' is the shortest sentence, does that make 'I do' the longest sentence?"
A boy walks into the school nurse's office. Nurse: Why are you here? Boy: I’m sick Nurse: sick of what? Boy: The teacher 
Did you hear about the politically correct country club? They no longer refer to their golfers as having handicaps. Instead they're "stroke challenged"
Are you my caddie? asked the golfer. "Yes, sir," replied the lad. "And you are good at finding lost balls?" "Yes, sir." "Right then. Find one and let's star the game."
What's your handicap these days?" one golfer asked another. "I'm a scratch golfer...I write down all my good scores and  scratch out all my bad ones."
The minister was on the golf course when he heard a duffer, deep in a sand trap, let loose a stream of profanity.  “I have often noticed,” chided the minister, “that the best golfers are not addicted to the use of foul language.” “Of course not,” screamed the man. “What do they have to swear about? 
A couple is in bed sleeping when there's a rat-a-tat-tat on the door. The husband rolls over and looks at the clock, and it's half past 3 in the morning. ”I’m not getting out of bed at this time," he thinks, and rolls over.  Then, a louder knock follows. So he drags himself out of bed, goes downstairs, opens the door, and there's a man standing there.  It didn't take the homeowner long to realize the man was drunk. "Hi there," slurs the stranger, "Can you give me a push?"   "No, get lost. It's half past three and I was in bed," says the man as he slams the door.  He goes back up to bed and tell his wife what happened and she says, "That wasn't very nice of you. Remember that night we broke down in the pouring rain on the way to pick the kids up from the baby-sitter and you had to knock on that man's house to get us started again? What would have happened if he'd told us to get lost?"  "But the guy was drunk," says the husband.  "It doesn't matter," says the wife.” He needs our help and it would be the Christian thing to help him." So the husband gets out of bed again, gets dressed, and goes downstairs. He opens the door, and not being able to see the stranger anywhere. He shouts, "Hey, do you still want a push?"  And he hears a voice cry out, "Yes, please."  Still unable to see the stranger he shouts, "Where are you?"   The drunk replies, "Over here, on the swing."
Q. Why aren't there very many Wal-Mart’s in Afghanistan?   A.  Because there are too many targets! 
A guy walks into a bar, sits at the counter and said "Drinks, everybody on me, even you bar tender" on my tab. Every one got a drink and thanked the man. After a while he man said "Drinks, everybody on me, even you bar tender. Put it on my tab." Everybody got their drinks and thanked the man. The bar tender pulled the man to the side and asked him "You know this is going to be a lot of money, can you pay for this? The man said "No". The bar tender took the man in the back, beat him up, and threw him out the back door. The man brushed himself off, and went back into the bar. He sat down and said "Drinks, everybody, on me. Except for you bartender, you don't know how to act when you get drunk
Confucius Says: If you don't succeed, re-define success.
One night, a man's wife wakes up in the middle of the night and finds that her husband isn't in bed. She goes downstairs to look for him and finds him in the kitchen sitting down at the table. He doesn't look so happy, so she asks him "What's wrong honey?" He says, "Well, if 'I will' is the shortest sentence, does that make 'I do' the longest sentence?"
A boy walks into the school nurse's office. Nurse: Why are you here? Boy: I’m sick Nurse: sick of what? Boy: The teacher 
A man requires surgery to remove his left leg. He consults with the surgeon; plans are made for surgery the next morning. Morning comes and the Surgeon arrives still intoxicated from a night on the town. He removes the left leg only after mistakenly removing the right. Needless to say the patient, after recovering, saw a lawyer who told him he couldn't win, because he didn't have a leg to stand on.
A man who was just married was flying to the Florida Keys for a business trip.  His new bride was to accompany him the next day.  When he got there he E-mailed his wife to let her know he made it there safely.  When he sent the E-mail he miss-typed the address.  In Boston, a grieving widow, whose husband has recently passed away, receives the E-mail.  She reads it, screams, and faints.  Hearing her grandmother’s cry, the widow's 18-year-old granddaughter runs into the living room to see the computer on with a message.  It reads:  Dear love,     Just got here.  Preparing for your arrival tomorrow.  Can't wait to see you.                                                             Love,                                                            Me.       P.S. Sure is hot down here. 
A guy walks into a bar, sits at the counter and said "Drinks, everybody on me, even you bar tender" on my tab. Every one got a drink and thanked the man. After a while he man said "Drinks, everybody on me, even you bar tender. Put it on my tab." Everybody got their drinks and thanked the man. The bar tender pulled the man to the side and asked him "You know this is going to be a lot of money, can you pay for this? The man said "No". The bar tender took the man in the back, beat him up, and threw him out the back door. The man brushed himself off, and went back into the bar. He sat down and said "Drinks, everybody, on me. Except for you bartender, you don't know how to act when you get drunk
Q. Why aren't there very many Wal-Mart’s in Afghanistan?   A.  Because there are too many targets! 
Did you hear about the resturant on the Moon?  Great food but no Atmosphere.
A butcher saw a Lawyer passing by his shop one day, and asked him: Atty., what would you do if a dog came in and stole your meat? Lawyer replied: why? of course, I’ll make the owner pay for it! The butcher said: If that is so, now you owe me $15 because it is your dog. The Lawyer replied: very well, just deduct the $15 from the $25 you owe me for the advice, I’ll collect the remaining $10 the next time I pass by here.
New customer to Tech Support:  “It says, hit any key and when I do that nothing happens'. Tech Support: Can you try again and tell me what happens? Customer:  'Tried but nothing” Tech Support:  “What key did you hit? After a moment and some chick ling sound the customer replied:  Well, first I tried my car key and just now my office key. 
One day, a man on a golf course, was having a really lousy game.  Just as he was about to hit the ball, he heard a voice behind him.  "Ribbit 9 iron, ribbit 9 iron."  He turned around and there was a frog on the green.  "OK frog, we'll just see how much you know," said the man.  He used the 9 iron and hit a hole in one.  The man decides to take the frog with him to the next hole.  "What do you think, frog?"  "Ribbit 3 wood, ribbit 3 wood." After golfing the most amazing game of his life, the man takes the frog to the casino.  "What do you think frog?"  "Ribbit black 21, ribbit black 21."  After winning around 40,000 dollars, the man takes the frog up to his hotel room and sits it on the bed.  "OK frog, you've done so much for me, is there anything I can do for you?"  "Ribbit kiss me, ribbit kiss me."  So, the man leaned over and kissed the frog.  It turned into a beautiful woman named Monica.         "And that, your honor, is how she got into my room, or my name isn't William Jefferson Clinton!" 
A man awoke one evening to discover prowlers in his storage shed.  He immediately called 911, gave his address, to report the prowlers and possible burglary. The operator at the other end said, "Are they in your house?"  He said they were not, only in his storage shed in back of the house. The operator said there were no cars available at that time.  He thanked the operator, hung up the phone and counted to 30 and called again.  "I just called you about prowlers in my storage shed.  Well you do not have to worry, as I just shot them all dead!"    Within seconds there were 3 police cars, an ambulance and fire engine at the scene. After capturing the prowlers red-handed, the policeman asked the caller, "I thought you said you had shot them all?"   The man answered, "I thought you said there were no police available?"
Three guys, a Canadian, Osama Bin Laden, and Uncle Sam were walking together one day.  They came across a lantern and a genie popped out. “I will give you each one wish, that’s three wishes total."  The Canadian said, “I want the land to be forever fertile in Canada. I'm a farmer, my dad was a farmer, and my son will someday be a farmer." So with a blink of the genies eye *POOF, the land was forever fertile.  Osama bin Laden says, “I want a wall completely surrounding Afghanistan so that no Infidels, Jews, or Americans can get in."  Again with a blink of the genies eye *POOF, there was a wall around Afghanistan. Uncle Sam asks, “I’m curious about this wall, please tell me more." "Well" says the genie, “the wall is about 15,000 feet high and 500 feet thick, it is practically impenetrable." So Uncle Sam says, “Fill it with water."
Q. What do you get if you cross a centipede with a parrot? A. A walkie-talkie! 
Patient: Doctor I've been seeing striped cows!" Doctor: "Have you seen a Psychiatrist?" Patient: "No only striped cows!" 
Q. What happened after the two bullets got married?   A. They had a little BB!
Q. What did dela wear?(Delaware) A. Her New Jersey
Little Johnny wasn't very good at spelling. During an oral  spelling exam, the teacher wrote the word "new" on the  blackboard. "Now," she asked Johnny, "what word would we  have if we placed a "K" in the front?"  After a moment's reflection, Johnny said, "Canoe?"
A man entered a library and asked, "can I have a pint of largar and a packet of crisp?" The librarian said " I’m sorry but this is a library " Then the man WHISPERED "!Oh, sorry can I have a pint of largar and a packet of crisp?"
What do you get if you cross a centipede with a parrot?  A walkie-talkie! 
Q. What happened after the two bullets got married?   A. They had a little BB!
Q. What’s a mouse's favorite game? A. Hide and squeak!!! 
A lady sitting at home got a phone call. She answered it; a strange sounding man said, "This is the Viper. I am coming." the lady was frightened. 5 minutes later she got another phone call the same man replied" This is the Viper. I am almost there." The lady was terrified. Another 5 minutes later the phone range again. It was the same man. He said, " I am coming up now." The lady was so scared she called the police. Before the police got there, a man walked in the door with a bucket of water and a window wiper. The man said " I'm the Viper I vome to vipe your vindows!"
Little Johnny wasn't very good at spelling. During an oral  spelling exam, the teacher wrote the word "new" on the  blackboard. "Now," she asked Johnny, "what word would we  have if we placed a "K" in the front?"  After a moment's reflection, Johnny said, "Canoe?"
Patient: Doctor I've been seeing striped cows!" Doctor: "Have you seen a Psychiatrist?" Patient: "No only striped cows!" 
Q. Why did the jellybean go to school?  A. Because he wanted to be a smarty 
Three sisters ages 92, 94, and 96 live in a house together. One night, the 96 year old starts a bath. She puts her foot in and pauses. "Was I getting in or out of the bath??" The 94 year old yells back, "I don’t know, but I'll come up and see!" She starts up the stairs and pauses. "Was I going up the stairs or down??" The 92 year old is sitting at the kitchen table having tea listening to her sisters. She shakes her head and says, "I sure hope I never get that forgetful." She knocks on wood for good measure. She then yells to her sisters, "I'll come up and help both of you as soon as I see who's at the door!" 
Jim and Mary were both patients in a Mental Hospital. One day while they were walking past the hospital swimming pool, Jim suddenly jumped into the deep end. He sank to the bottom and stayed there. Mary promptly jumped in to save him. She swam to the bottom and pulled Jim out.  When the medical director became aware of Mary's heroic act he immediately ordered her to be discharged from the hospital as he now considered her to be mentally stable. When he went to tell Mary the news he said, "Mary, I have good news and bad news. The good news is you're being discharged because since you were able to jump in and save the life of another patient, I think you've regained your senses. The bad news is Jim, the patient you saved, hung himself with his bathrobe belt in the bathroom. I am so sorry, but he's dead."  Mary replied, "He didn't hang himself, I put him there to dry." 
A man was sick and tired of going to work every day  while his wife stayed at home. He wanted her to see  what he went through each day, so he prayed :-   "Dear Lord, I go to work every day and put in 8 hours  of hard work, while my wife merely stays at home. I  want her to know what I go through, so please create a  trade in our bodies". God, in His infinite wisdom,  granted the man's wish.   The next morning, sure enough, the man awoke as a  woman. He arose, cooked breakfast for his mate, awakened the kids, set out their school clothes, fed  them breakfast, packed their lunches, drove them to  school, came home ..... picked up the dry cleaning,  took it to the cleaners and stopped at the bank to  draw money to pay the electricity and telephone bills.    He drove to the electricity company and the phone  company and paid the bills, went grocery shopping,  came home and put away the groceries. He cleaned the  cat's litter box and bathed the dog. By then it was  already 1:00 pm, so he hurried to make the beds, do  the laundry, vacuum, dust, and sweep and mop the  kitchen floor.   He rushed to the school to pick up the kids and got  into an argument with them on the way home which he  had to sort out in a gentle 'motherly' fashion. He set  out cookies and milk and got the kids organised to do  their homework, then set up the ironing board and was  able to watch a bit of TV while he did the ironing. By  then it was 4:30 pm, so he began peeling potatoes and  washed greens for salads. He prepared the chops and  fresh vegetables and got everything ready in time for  an early dinner.   After supper, he cleaned the kitchen, ran the  dishwasher, folded laundry, bathed the kids, and put  them to bed. At 9:00 pm he was exhausted and although  his chores weren't finished for the day, he went to  bed where he was expected to make love, which he  managed to get through without complaining. The next  morning he awoke and immediately knelt by the bed and  said :-   "Lord, I don't know what I was thinking. I was so  wrong to envy my wife's being able to stay home all  day. Please, O please, let us trade back!" The Lord,  in his infinite wisdom, replied, "My son, I feel you  have learned your lesson and I will be happy to change  things back to the way they were. You'll just have to  wait 9 months though, because you got pregnant last  night!!!"  .  
Q. What did dela wear?(Delaware) A. Her New Jersey
Q. What’s a mouse's favorite game? A. Hide and squeak!!! 
Q. Why did the jellybean go to school?  A. Because he wanted to be a smarty 
Q: Why did the man bring the bowling ball into the bathroom?  A: So he could watch his toilet bowl! 
 Q. Why do builders have clear lunch boxes?  A. So they know whether they are going home or going to work!
A young man was paying an over-night visit to an out-of-town boyhood friend and his wife and young son. When it came time to retire, the young man was told he could sleep in the same bed as his son.  After putting on his pajamas and entering the young son's room, he noticed the lad was stooped on the side of the bed with his head bowed.  The young man proceeded to do the same thing on his side of the bed, thinking the lad was praying. "What are you doing?” said the lad. "The same thing you are", answered the young man. "Oh, boy"! Said the young lad. "Mommy’s going to' be real mad at you, because the potty is on this side of the bed!" 
I was driving along the Stuart Highway when I saw a sign saying "Rest Area 50 Kilometers" and thought WOW that’s big
Q: What did one math book say to the other? A: Man I got a lot of problems!
Q: Why did the haunted house not like rain? A: Because it dampened his spirits. 
A bull walks into a bar and says give me a margarita. The bartender gives it to him for free because he is dead scared of mad bulls. The bull give him one good look and replies" don't worry, I pay cash when I am not mad."
A large woman put on a dress and asked her husband if the dress made her look different. Her husband said, " You’re asking the wrong person, I saw you before you put it on. 
There were three sons who wanted to get their mom a present for her birthday. One son decided that she wanted a bigger house and bought her a mansion. The second son decided that she didn't want to drive by herself so he got her a limo. The third son thought that she was lonely and got her a parrot. The mom gave the first son a thank you saying that she didn't want the house. She gave the second son a letter that said she didn't want the limo. She gave the third son a thank you saying the chicken was good.
One day there was this old man that was walking down the road. About a mile down the road he heard sirens and a police officer was behind him. So he stops and the cop gets out of his car and asked the man why he was walking with one foot on the curb and the man said, " O, thank God I thought I was cripple"
A server walks over to a table and gets ready to deliver the check to a guy.  The guy asks the server do you take checks and the server said, I? no sir I am sorry.  The guy replies neither do I
An Antartican was in the therapist office: Dr. Hieden: Why are you here? Antartican: I tried to commit suicide by taking 1,000 aspirins!!!! Dr. hieden: What happened? Antartican: Well after the first two I felt better!!!! 
A friend said to a friend "Money makes enemies, money makes worry. So being your friend I can't see you worry. So please send all your money to MY ACCOUNT. 
Job Interview Question   You are driving along in your car on a wild, stormy night. You pass by a bus stop, and you see three people waiting for the bus:    1. An old lady who looks as if she is about to die.  2. An old friend who once saved your life.  3. The perfect man (or) woman you have been dreaming about.    Which one would you choose to offer a ride to, knowing that there could only be one passenger in your car?    Think before you continue reading. This is a moral/ethical dilemma that was once actually used as part of a job application.    You could pick up the old lady, because she is going to die, and thus you should save her first; or you could take the old friend because he once saved your life, and this would be the perfect chance to pay him back. However, you may never be able to find your perfect dream lover again.    The candidate who was hired (out of 200 applicants) had no trouble coming up with his answer.   He simply answered: "I would give the car keys to my old friend, and let him take the lady to the hospital. I would stay behind and wait for the bus with the woman of my dreams."   Never forget to "Think Outside of the Box."  
Two Rabbits are running from a group of foxes. They hide in a pile of hay, one rabbit says to the other one "ok we can run for it or we can stay here and out number them. And the other rabbit says, "were going to run for it you idiot I'm your brother.
knock knock  who's there oddley hee oddley hee who I didn't know you could yodel!
A new monk arrives at the monastery. He is assigned to help the other   monks in copying the old texts by hand. He notices, however, that they  are copying from copies, not the original manuscripts.     So, the new monk goes to the head monk to ask him about this, pointing   out that if there were an error in the first copy, that error would be   continued in all of the subsequent copies.     The head monk says, "We have been copying from the copies for centuries,but  you make a good point, my son."     So, he goes down into the cellar with one of the copies to check it  against the original. Hours go by and nobody sees him. So, one of the monks   goes downstairs to look for him.     Hearing sobbing coming from the back of the cellar, he finds the old monk  leaning over one of the original books crying.     He asks the old monk what's wrong, and in a choked voice came the reply,  "The word is celebrate."          
A family went to a hospital, where one of their relatives would be having a brain transplant.  One of the relatives asked, "What will the cost of a new brain be?"  The doctor replied, "A female brain costs $25,000 and a male brain costs $50,000."  The men smirked, but one of the females asked, "Why is that, doctor?"  "Well," the doctor replied,” the female brain is less because it has been used."
Mad men are given a test to check their mental state. The instructor draws a door on the wall and orders them to go out.  They start rushing to the door but one remains sitting. The instructor goes to him and asks; “why didn’t you join the others?”  He replies, "let them fight they forgot I have the keys" 
A man is in a pawnshop and sees this beautiful Grandfather Clock and winds up buying it.  He asks the owner if he can deliver the clock and the owner replies that he cannot make deliveries.  So only living a few blocks away the man decides to strap the clock on his back and carry it the few blocks.    After a block or so, a drunk comes staggering out of a bar and bumps into the man knocking him down on his back and smashing the clock to bits.  He then jumps up and starts cussing the drunk out and saying, "Look what you did to my beautiful clock you idiot!”  The drunk then replies, "Gee buddy, I’m really sorry, but why don’t you wear a wristwatch like everyone else?"
A preacher was walking down the street when he notices a little boy trying to ring the doorbell but it's just out of his reach. he watches his efforts for some time and walks over to press the the bell. After he pressed it he leveled down to the boy and asked' "Now what?" to which the boy turned and shouted, "NOW WE RUN!!"
While W.C. Fields was walking down the street a man came up to him and said, "you're drunk." W.C. Fields replied "you're crazy, I'll be sober tomorrow, but you'll be crazy the rest of your life!"
The economy is not going well and an unemployed engineer desperately needing work is nervous about an upcoming accountant job interview.  The interview goes well, but as the engineer stands up to leave the manager says, "Oh just one more question.  How much is four times eight?"  Puzzled, the engineer responds that in all calculations, even simple ones like that, he never relies on his memory.  He always uses a calculator with a paper printout, and double-checks his answer.  "Fine", says the manager, but I just want you to tell me the answer anyway from memory without using your calculator.  "Sure," says the engineer. "Four times eight is, uh, thirty-four."  After saying goodbye and leaving the building, the engineer hurriedly pushes up four times eight into his calculator and curses when he sees the answer.  Nonetheless, he gets the job.  Six months later, when he's doing well and feels confident enough, he walks up to his boss and asks him. "Sir, I'm curious.  Why is it that out of all those engineering candidates, you hired me, when I gave you the wrong answer to four-times-eight?"  His boss looks up and says, "Your answer was the closest." 
Boy: Do you have fever?  Girl: No, why?  Boy: Cause you look hot!!!!!
MAN: 1) Pull up to machine 2) Wind window down 3) Insert ATM card, enter PIN 4) Retrieve cash 5) Drive away  WOMAN: 1) Pull up to machine 2) Open door (too far away from machine) 3) Search through all of the 112 compartments in handbag for ATM card 4) Do make up, apply lipstick, fix hair 5) Insert Card 6) Remove card 7) Insert card the correct way up 8) Search for piece of paper with PIN on it 9) Enter PIN 10) Enter correct PIN 11) Retrieve cash, put in bag 12) Drive off 13) Reverse back to machine 14) Retrieve card 15) Drive three miles away  16) Release hand-brake 
One day this guy had trouble with his blinkers on his car. So another guy comes and says, "Is there a problem with your car sir", yes there is. So he says can you see if my blinkers work, sure. Then when he flicked the switch, the guy said, left, right, on, off!
Two buddies are  fishing, but they haven’t caught anything all day.  Then, another fisherman walks by with a huge load of fish.  They ask him "excuse me, but where did you get all those fish?"       The other fisherman replies,” If you just go down the stream until the water isn't salty, there are a ton of hungry fish."       They thank him and go on their way. 15 minutes later, one fisherman says to the other "fill the bucket up with water and see if the water is salty."        He dips the bucket in the stream and drinks some. "Nope. Still salty."  30 minutes later, he asks him to check again.         "Nope, still salty." One our later they check again. "Nope. Still salty."        "This isn't good," the fisherman finally says. "We have been walking for almost two hours and the water is still salty!"       "I know," says the other. "And the bucket is almost empty!" 
 Q: What do you call a woman that knows where her husband is 24/7?  A: A WIDOW!!!!!
Q. What did Snow white say when her photos didn't come back from the photo store? A. "Some day my prints will come!"
Q: What did the first stoplight say to the second stoplight?                        A: Don’t look I’m changing!!  
Q: how do you get a tissue to dance? A: put a little boogie in it!
Q: What did the first stoplight say to the second stoplight?                        A: Don’t look I’m changing!!  
The economy is not going well and an unemployed engineer desperately needing work is nervous about an upcoming accountant job interview.  The interview goes well, but as the engineer stands up to leave the manager says, "Oh just one more question.  How much is four times eight?"  Puzzled, the engineer responds that in all calculations, even simple ones like that, he never relies on his memory.  He always uses a calculator with a paper printout, and double-checks his answer.  "Fine", says the manager, but I just want you to tell me the answer anyway from memory without using your calculator.  "Sure," says the engineer. "Four times eight is, uh, thirty-four."  After saying goodbye and leaving the building, the engineer hurriedly pushes up four times eight into his calculator and curses when he sees the answer.  Nonetheless, he gets the job.  Six months later, when he's doing well and feels confident enough, he walks up to his boss and asks him. "Sir, I'm curious.  Why is it that out of all those engineering candidates, you hired me, when I gave you the wrong answer to four-times-eight?"  His boss looks up and says, "Your answer was the closest." 
A preacher was walking down the street when he notices a little boy trying to ring the doorbell but it's just out of his reach. he watches his efforts for some time and walks over to press the the bell. After he pressed it he leveled down to the boy and asked' "Now what?" to which the boy turned and shouted, "NOW WE RUN!!"
 Q: What do you call a woman that knows where her husband is 24/7?  A: A WIDOW!!!!!
Two buddies are  fishing, but they haven’t caught anything all day.  Then, another fisherman walks by with a huge load of fish.  They ask him "excuse me, but where did you get all those fish?"       The other fisherman replies,” If you just go down the stream until the water isn't salty, there are a ton of hungry fish."       They thank him and go on their way. 15 minutes later, one fisherman says to the other "fill the bucket up with water and see if the water is salty."        He dips the bucket in the stream and drinks some. "Nope. Still salty."  30 minutes later, he asks him to check again.         "Nope, still salty." One our later they check again. "Nope. Still salty."        "This isn't good," the fisherman finally says. "We have been walking for almost two hours and the water is still salty!"       "I know," says the other. "And the bucket is almost empty!" 
Job Interview Question   You are driving along in your car on a wild, stormy night. You pass by a bus stop, and you see three people waiting for the bus:    1. An old lady who looks as if she is about to die.  2. An old friend who once saved your life.  3. The perfect man (or) woman you have been dreaming about.    Which one would you choose to offer a ride to, knowing that there could only be one passenger in your car?    Think before you continue reading. This is a moral/ethical dilemma that was once actually used as part of a job application.    You could pick up the old lady, because she is going to die, and thus you should save her first; or you could take the old friend because he once saved your life, and this would be the perfect chance to pay him back. However, you may never be able to find your perfect dream lover again.    The candidate who was hired (out of 200 applicants) had no trouble coming up with his answer.   He simply answered: "I would give the car keys to my old friend, and let him take the lady to the hospital. I would stay behind and wait for the bus with the woman of my dreams."   Never forget to "Think Outside of the Box."  
Q. What did Snow white say when her photos didn't come back from the photo store? A. "Some day my prints will come!"
While W.C. Fields was walking down the street a man came up to him and said, "you're drunk." W.C. Fields replied "you're crazy, I'll be sober tomorrow, but you'll be crazy the rest of your life!"
A new monk arrives at the monastery. He is assigned to help the other   monks in copying the old texts by hand. He notices, however, that they  are copying from copies, not the original manuscripts.     So, the new monk goes to the head monk to ask him about this, pointing   out that if there were an error in the first copy, that error would be   continued in all of the subsequent copies.     The head monk says, "We have been copying from the copies for centuries,but  you make a good point, my son."     So, he goes down into the cellar with one of the copies to check it  against the original. Hours go by and nobody sees him. So, one of the monks   goes downstairs to look for him.     Hearing sobbing coming from the back of the cellar, he finds the old monk  leaning over one of the original books crying.     He asks the old monk what's wrong, and in a choked voice came the reply,  "The word is celebrate."          
knock knock  who's there oddley hee oddley hee who I didn't know you could yodel!
During a dinner party, the hosts’ two little children entered the dinning room totally nude and walked slowly around the table.  The parents were so embarrassed that they pretended nothing was happening and kept he conversation going.  The guests cooperated and also continued as if nothing extraordinary was happening. After going all the way around the room, the children left, and there was a moment of silence at the table, during which one child was heard to say, “You see, it is vanishing cream!” 
A third grader that got into trouble from time to time was in the principal’s office for a quiet talking to.  “And Peter,” asked the principal, “how do yu like your teacher?  Do you get along all right?’ “Oh, yes sir,” replied Peter. “ I think she’s the cream of the coop.”  
A salesman telephone a household, and a four-year-old answered. Salesman: May I speak to your mother? Child: She is not here. Salesman: Well, is anyone else there? Child: My sister Salesman: O.K., fine.  May I speak to her? Child: I guess so. There was a long silence on the other phone. Then: Child: Hello? Salesman: It’s you. I thought you were going to call your sister. Child: I did.  The trouble is: I can’t get her out of the playpen. 
At the gates to heaven a new arrival, George noted that there were two paths, one marked Women, and one marked Men.  He took the later path and found that it lead to two gates. The gate on the right had a sign that said: Men who were dominated by their Wives. The sign on the left read: Men who dominated their Wives.  The right-hand gate had a long line of men waiting, but there was only one scrawny little fellow at the left-hand gate. George, before deciding which gate to go to, went over to the scrawny man and asked, “Why are you at this gate?” the little fellow replied, “I don’t know.  My wife just told me to stand here.”  
A burglar enters a house in the middle of the night.  He was interrupted when the owner awoke. Drawing hi gun, the burglar said, “Don’t move or I’ll shoot.  I’m hunting for your money.”  “Let me turn on the light,” replied the victim, “and I’ll hunt with you”   
A candidate for city council was doing some door-to-door campaigning, and things were going pretty well, he thought, till he came to the house of a grouchy-looking fellow.  After the candidate’s little speech, the fellow said, “Vote for you? Why I’d rather vote for the Devil!” “I understand,” said the candidate,  “but in case your friend is not running, may I count on your support?”   
A fifth grader class was on an educational trip.  As they rode along in the school bus, the teacher noticed that one boy was lying facedown in the aisle of the bus with his hands over his eyes.  “Why are you lying in the aisle like that.” “Well,” said the boy, “if you don’t see anything, you don’t have to write anything.”  
A teacher sees a lad entering the classroom – his hands were dirty. She stopped him and said, “John, please wash your hands.  My goodness, what would you say if I came into the room with hands like that?”  Smiling the boy replied, “I think I’d be too polite to mention it.”   
Two Rabbits are running from a group of foxes. They hide in a pile of hay, one rabbit says to the other one "ok we can run for it or we can stay here and out number them. And the other rabbit says, "were going to run for it you idiot I'm your brother.
One ant was running across an unopened box of crackers and urging another to speed up.  “But why do we have to hurry?” said one.  “Can you read, you nut! It says, ‘Tear along the dotted line’”.  
Matilda and Rosie were chatting one day.  Matilda had recently moved to a retirement home.  Rosie asked, “Matilda, how do like your new home?” “Oh, I love it,” answered Matilda.  “there’s so much to do, and no burdens of cooking a cleaning.”  “I’m not sure I’d like it,” Rosie said. “I understand there are hardly any men at these places.” “Oh, indeed there are,” said Matilda. “There’s Will Power, and Charlie Horse, and  (whispering) you can even go to bed with Arthur It is. And, if you don’t like them, there’s Ben Gay.” 
The parents of a difficult boy were discussing what to give him for a birthday present.  The mother said,  “Let’s buy him a bicycle.” “Well,” said the father, “maybe – but do you think it will improve his behavior?” “Probably not,” said the mother, “but it will spread it over a wider area.”   
The parents of a difficult boy were discussing what to give him for a birthday present.  The mother said,  “Let’s buy him a bicycle.” “Well,” said the father, “maybe – but do you think it will improve his behavior?” “Probably not,” said the mother, “but it will spread it over a wider area.”   
The minister told an eighty-year-old woman that, at her age, she should be giving some thought to what he called “the hereafter.”    She said to him, “I think about it many times a day.”  “Oh, really?” said the minister. “That is very wise.”  “It’s not a matter of wisdom,” she replied. “It’s when I open a drawer or a closet and I ask myself, ‘What am I here after?’”
Matilda and Rosie were chatting one day.  Matilda had recently moved to a retirement home.  Rosie asked, “Matilda, how do like your new home?” “Oh, I love it,” answered Matilda.  “there’s so much to do, and no burdens of cooking a cleaning.”  “I’m not sure I’d like it,” Rosie said. “I understand there are hardly any men at these places.” “Oh, indeed there are,” said Matilda. “There’s Will Power, and Charlie Horse, and  (whispering) you can even go to bed with Arthur It is. And, if you don’t like them, there’s Ben Gay.” 
During a dinner party, the hosts’ two little children entered the dinning room totally nude and walked slowly around the table.  The parents were so embarrassed that they pretended nothing was happening and kept he conversation going.  The guests cooperated and also continued as if nothing extraordinary was happening. After going all the way around the room, the children left, and there was a moment of silence at the table, during which one child was heard to say, “You see, it is vanishing cream!” 
A candidate for city council was doing some door-to-door campaigning, and things were going pretty well, he thought, till he came to the house of a grouchy-looking fellow.  After the candidate’s little speech, the fellow said, “Vote for you? Why I’d rather vote for the Devil!” “I understand,” said the candidate,  “but in case your friend is not running, may I count on your support?”   
A fifth grader class was on an educational trip.  As they rode along in the school bus, the teacher noticed that one boy was lying facedown in the aisle of the bus with his hands over his eyes.  “Why are you lying in the aisle like that.” “Well,” said the boy, “if you don’t see anything, you don’t have to write anything.”  
A Cub Scout troop was half an hour late to its den meeting.  The den mother asked them severely, “Why are you so late?”  “Oh,” said one boy, “we were helping an old man cross the street.”  “That’s a nice thing for scouts to do,” said the mother.  She paused. “But it shouldn’t make you half an hour late.”  “Well, you see,” said another boy, “he didn’t want to go.”
A third grader that got into trouble from time to time was in the principal’s office for a quiet talking to.  “And Peter,” asked the principal, “how do yu like your teacher?  Do you get along all right?’ “Oh, yes sir,” replied Peter. “ I think she’s the cream of the coop.”  
A salesman telephone a household, and a four-year-old answered. Salesman: May I speak to your mother? Child: She is not here. Salesman: Well, is anyone else there? Child: My sister Salesman: O.K., fine.  May I speak to her? Child: I guess so. There was a long silence on the other phone. Then: Child: Hello? Salesman: It’s you. I thought you were going to call your sister. Child: I did.  The trouble is: I can’t get her out of the playpen. 
A burglar enters a house in the middle of the night.  He was interrupted when the owner awoke. Drawing hi gun, the burglar said, “Don’t move or I’ll shoot.  I’m hunting for your money.”  “Let me turn on the light,” replied the victim, “and I’ll hunt with you”   
To celebrate their fiftieth wedding anniversary, a couple returned to their honeymoon hotel.  After retiring to bed, the wife said, “Darling, do you remember how you stroked my hair?” and so he stroked her hair.  She reminded him of the way they had cuddled, and so they did.  Then, with a sigh, she whispered, “Won’t you nibble my ear again?” With that, the husband got out of bed and left the room.  “Where are you going?” cried the wife. “To get my teeth,” he said.  
At the gates to heaven a new arrival, George noted that there were two paths, one marked Women, and one marked Men.  He took the later path and found that it lead to two gates. The gate on the right had a sign that said: Men who were dominated by their Wives. The sign on the left read: Men who dominated their Wives.  The right-hand gate had a long line of men waiting, but there was only one scrawny little fellow at the left-hand gate. George, before deciding which gate to go to, went over to the scrawny man and asked, “Why are you at this gate?” the little fellow replied, “I don’t know.  My wife just told me to stand here.”  
One ant was running across an unopened box of crackers and urging another to speed up.  “But why do we have to hurry?” said one.  “Can you read, you nut! It says, ‘Tear along the dotted line’”.  
Some older friends were dining at a restaurant, and one said how interesting it would be it you could turn back the clock and lie your life over again. “Well, you know what I would like?” said another diner.  “I’d like to be eighteen years old but to know what I know now.” At this point the counter waitress, who had been clearing the table, stopped and said, “I’m eighteen.  What is it you know?”  
The mother of a small child was concerned about her daughter’s selfish behavior and gave her something of a lecture, stressing that we are put in this world to help others. Her daughter seemed much impressed and sat silently, thinking and scratching her head. At last she looked up and said, “Mommy?”  “Yes, dear?” replied her mother. “What I want to know is, what are the others for?” 
A small boy came running downstairs, shouting, “Mom! Mom! I cleaned my room without being told!” “Well,” said the mother, “that's wonderful!  Thank you very much. It will same me a lot of trouble, and it shows you are growing up.” “Yeah, but, Mom,” said the boy, “don’t jump to conclusions.” I don’t understand, dear,” said his mother.  “Conclusions?” “Yeah, Mom” said the boy. “This isn’t going to become a habit.” 
Some older friends were dining at a restaurant, and one said how interesting it would be it you could turn back the clock and lie your life over again. “Well, you know what I would like?” said another diner.  “I’d like to be eighteen years old but to know what I know now.” At this point the counter waitress, who had been clearing the table, stopped and said, “I’m eighteen.  What is it you know?”  
The mother of a small child was concerned about her daughter’s selfish behavior and gave her something of a lecture, stressing that we are put in this world to help others. Her daughter seemed much impressed and sat silently, thinking and scratching her head. At last she looked up and said, “Mommy?”  “Yes, dear?” replied her mother. “What I want to know is, what are the others for?” 
A small boy came running downstairs, shouting, “Mom! Mom! I cleaned my room without being told!” “Well,” said the mother, “that's wonderful!  Thank you very much. It will same me a lot of trouble, and it shows you are growing up.” “Yeah, but, Mom,” said the boy, “don’t jump to conclusions.” I don’t understand, dear,” said his mother.  “Conclusions?” “Yeah, Mom” said the boy. “This isn’t going to become a habit.” 
During a dinner party, the hosts’ two little children entered the dinning room totally nude and walked slowly around the table.  The parents were so embarrassed that they pretended nothing was happening and kept he conversation going.  The guests cooperated and also continued as if nothing extraordinary was happening. After going all the way around the room, the children left, and there was a moment of silence at the table, during which one child was heard to say, “You see, it is vanishing cream!” 
A second grader came home from school and said to her mother, “Mom, guess what! We learned how to make babies today” The mother, more than a little surprised, tried to keep her cool. “That’s interesting,” she said. “How do you make babies?” It’s simple, replied the girl.  “You just change  y  to i and add es.” 
A unit in sex education was about to begin, and each student had to bring in a permission slip in order to take it.  A boy handed in his slip and explained to the teacher, “My mom says I can take the course as long as there’s no homework.’
A young girl was very much interested in the progress of her mother’s pregnancy.  Finally the day of birth drew near and the girl overheard arrangements being made for her mother to go to the hospital.  She looked at her mother with great puzzlement and said, “Mom, I don’t understand.  If they’re going to deliver the baby, why do you have to go to the hospital?” 
John who was not very well paid, yet who had several children learned a distressing piece of news from his wife Linda.  The next morning he called his insurance agent to ask a weighty question, to which the insurance agent replied, “No, John, Linda’s pregnancy is not covered by your accident policy.”
A salesman telephone a household, and a four-year-old answered. Salesman: May I speak to your mother? Child: She is not here. Salesman: Well, is anyone else there? Child: My sister Salesman: O.K., fine.  May I speak to her? Child: I guess so. There was a long silence on the other phone. Then; Child: Hello? Salesman: It’s you. I thought you were going to call your sister. Child: I did.  The trouble is: I can’t get her out of the playpen. 
Making conversation with the boy who enjoyed watching tv ads, the pediatrician asked six-year-old patient, "Johnny, if you found a couple of dollars and had to spend them, what would you buy?”  “A box of  Tampax,” he replied without hesitation.  “Tampax?” said the doctor. “What would you do with that?”  “Well,” said Johnny, “I do not know exactly, but it’s sure worth two dollars. With tampax, it says on TV, you can go swimming, go horseback riding, and also go skating, any time you want to.”   
During a dinner party, the hosts’ two little children entered the dinning room totally nude and walked slowly around the table.  The parents were so embarrassed that they pretended nothing was happening and kept he conversation going.  The guests cooperated and also continued as if nothing extraordinary was happening. After going all the way around the room, the children left, and there was a moment of silence at the table, during which one child was heard to say, “You see, it is vanishing cream!” 
A salesman telephone a household, and a four-year-old answered. Salesman: May I speak to your mother? Child: She is not here. Salesman: Well, is anyone else there? Child: My sister Salesman: O.K., fine.  May I speak to her? Child: I guess so. There was a long silence on the other phone. Then; Child: Hello? Salesman: It’s you. I thought you were going to call your sister. Child: I did.  The trouble is: I can’t get her out of the playpen. 
A unit in sex education was about to begin, and each student had to bring in a permission slip in order to take it.  A boy handed in his slip and explained to the teacher, “My mom says I can take the course as long as there’s no homework.’
John who was not very well paid, yet who had several children learned a distressing piece of news from his wife Linda.  The next morning he called his insurance agent to ask a weighty question, to which the insurance agent replied, “No, John, Linda’s pregnancy is not covered by your accident policy.”
A fifth grader looked downcast, so her teacher asked. “What’s the problem Carol? I hope it’s not homework again.” “Well, uh, yes, it is,” replied Carol  “I was stupid and made my homework paper into a paper airplane.” “Carol, you’re right, that wasn’t a very bright thing to do,” said the teacher, “but his once I’ll let your just unfold the paper and hand it in.” “Oh, but that won’t work,” said Carol, looking even sadder. “You see, the plane was hijacked 
In a grammar lesson in eighth grade Mrs. O’Neill said, “Paul, give me a sentence with a direct object.”  Paul replied.  “Everyone thinks you are the best teacher in the school.” “Thank you, Paul,” responded Mrs. O’Neill, “but what is the object?” “To get the best mark possible,” said Paul 
Mother and father rabbit were talking about the children after they had been put to bed. “Why was Junior so happy this evening?” asked father rabbit. “Well”, explained mother rabbit, “he had a marvelous time at school.  He learned to multiply” 
Mother and father rabbit were talking about the children after they had been put to bed. “Why was Junior so happy this evening?” asked father rabbit. “Well”, explained mother rabbit, “he had a marvelous time at school.  He learned to multiply” 
A young girl was very much interested in the progress of her mother’s pregnancy.  Finally the day of birth drew near and the girl overheard arrangements being made for her mother to go to the hospital.  She looked at her mother with great puzzlement and said, “Mom, I don’t understand.  If they’re going to deliver the baby, why do you have to go to the hospital?” 
A second grader came home from school and said to her mother, “Mom, guess what! We learned how to make babies today” The mother, more than a little surprised, tried to keep her cool. “That’s interesting,” she said. “How do you make babies?” It’s simple, replied the girl.  “You just change  y  to i and add es.” 
An elementary school teacher, well versed in educational jargon, asked for a small allotment of money for “behavior modification reinforces.”   Her superior saw the item and asked, “What in heaven’s name is that?’ “Lollipops,” the teacher explained  
A rather strict English teacher also had the responsibility of teaching “homemaking,” as home economics used to be called.  The teacher noticed a student carefully applying lipstick and powder, rather than doing her home ec lesson. “Jenny,” said the teacher, “you pay more attention to your makeup than you do to your homemaking lessons.” “Well, said Jenny, “before I can home make, I have to catch someone with whom.” 
A high-school student came home from school seeming rather depressed. “What’s the matter, son,” asked his mother. “Aw, gee,” said the boy, “it’s my marks. They’re all wet.” “What do you mean, “all wet”?” “I mean,” he replied, “below C-level.” 
A little girl complained that she didn’t want to go back to school. “But why, Lisa?” asked her mother. “Well, I can’t read, I can’t write, and they won’t let me talk.” 
A little girl complained that she didn’t want to go back to school. “But why, Lisa?” asked her mother. “Well, I can’t read, I can’t write, and they won’t let me talk.” 
A high-school student came home from school seeming rather depressed.  “What’s the matter son?” asked his mother.  “Aw, gee,” said the boy, “it’s my marks. They’re all wet.”  “What do you mean, 'all wet'?” she asks.  “I mean,” he replied, “well below C-level.” 
A rather strict English teacher also had the responsibility of teaching “homemaking,” as home economics used to be called.  The teacher noticed a student carefully applying lipstick and powder, rather than doing her home ec lesson. “Jenny,” said the teacher, “you pay more attention to your makeup than you do to your homemaking lessons.” “Well, said Jenny, “before I can home make, I have to catch someone with whom.” 
An elementary school teacher, well versed in educational jargon, asked for a small allotment of money for “behavior modification reinforces.”   Her superior saw the item and asked, “What in heaven’s name is that?’ “Lollipops,” the teacher explained  
A fifth grader looked downcast, so her teacher asked. “What’s the problem Carol? I hope it’s not homework again.” “Well, uh, yes, it is,” replied Carol  “I was stupid and made my homework paper into a paper airplane.” “Carol, you’re right, that wasn’t a very bright thing to do,” said the teacher, “but his once I’ll let your just unfold the paper and hand it in.” “Oh, but that won’t work,” said Carol, looking even sadder. “You see, the plane was hijacked 
In a grammar lesson in eighth grade Mrs. O’Neill said, “Paul, give me a sentence with a direct object.”  Paul replied.  “Everyone thinks you are the best teacher in the school.” “Thank you, Paul,” responded Mrs. O’Neill, “but what is the object?” “To get the best mark possible,” said Paul 
Little Pete came home from the playground with a bloody nose, black eye, and torn clothing.  It was obvious he’d been in a bad fight and lost.  While his father was patching him up, he asked his son what happened. “Well, Dad,” said Pete, “ I challenged Larry to a duel. And, you know, I gave him his choice of weapons.” “Uh-huh,” said the father, “that seems fair.” “I know, but I never thought he’d choose his sister!” 
It was local election time and the candidate was visiting all the houses in his area. At one house a small boy answered the door. “Tell me, young man, “said the politician, “Is your Mommy in the Republican Party or the Democratic Party?”  “Neither,” said the child, “she’s in the bathroom.” 
Ozzie came home from school with a black eye and cut lips.  His mother sighed deeply, “Oh, Ozzie, you’ve been in another fight.” “But, Mom,” sniffled Ozzie, “I was just keeping a little boy from being beaten up by a bigger boy.” ‘Well,” said Mom, “that was brave. Who was the little boy?” “Me, Mommy.” 
A young girl’s father had been in the hospital for a serious operation, and for several days he could not receive visitors.  Still in pretty bad shape, he was finally allowed a visit from his family.  His young daughter was baffled by her father’s condition.  “But Dad, you look awful!  Didn’t you get my get-well-card?”
Two husbands were discussing their married lives.  Although happily married, they admitted that there were arguments sometimes.  The Chad said, “I’ve made one great discovery.  I know how to always have the last word.” “Wow!’ said Sherman, “how did you manage that?” “It’s easy,” replied Chad. “My last word is always  ‘Yes, Dear.’”  
A husband was having great difficulty getting along with his wife – nothing but arguing and friction – so he decided to consult a marriage counselor.  After they had talked for a while, the counselor said, “I suggest that you run five miles each day for a week.  Then please call me back.” A week later the counselor received a call from the husband, “Well,” asked the counselor, “how are things going with you and your wife? “How should I know?” said the husband.  “I’m thirty-five miles away.” 
A young girl’s father had been in the hospital for a serious operation, and for several days he could not receive visitors.  Still in pretty bad shape, he was finally allowed a visit from his family.  His young daughter was baffled by her father’s condition.  “But Dad, you look awful!  Didn’t you get my get-well-card?”
A few days before her birthday a husband asked his wife, “Dear, what would you like for your present?” Wife: I really don’t think I should say. Husband: How about a diamond ring? Wife: I don’t care much for diamonds. Husband: well, then, a mink coat? Wife: You know I do not like furs. Husband: A golden necklace? Wife: I already have three of them. Husband: Well, gosh, what do you want? Wife:  What I’d really like is a divorce Husband:  Hmmm, I wasn’t planning on spending that much 
Two husbands were discussing their married lives.  Although happily married, they admitted that there were arguments sometimes.  The Chad said, “I’ve made one great discovery.  I know how to always have the last word.” “Wow!’ said Sherman, “how did you manage that?” “It’s easy,” replied Chad. “My last word is always  ‘Yes, Dear.’”  
A husband was having great difficulty getting along with his wife – nothing but arguing and friction – so he decided to consult a marriage counselor.  After they had talked for a while, the counselor said, “I suggest that you run five miles each day for a week.  Then please call me back.” A week later the counselor received a call from the husband, “Well,” asked the counselor, “how are things going with you and your wife? “How should I know?” said the husband.  “I’m thirty-five miles away.” 
A few days before her birthday a husband asked his wife, “Dear, what would you like for your present?” Wife: I really don’t think I should say. Husband: How about a diamond ring? Wife: I don’t care much for diamonds. Husband: well, then, a mink coat? Wife: You know I do not like furs. Husband: A golden necklace? Wife: I already have three of them. Husband: Well, gosh, what do you want? Wife:  What I’d really like is a divorce Husband:  Hmmm, I wasn’t planning on spending that much 
Ozzie came home from school with a black eye and cut lips.  His mother sighed deeply, “Oh, Ozzie, you’ve been in another fight.” “But, Mom,” sniffled Ozzie, “I was just keeping a little boy from being beaten up by a bigger boy.” ‘Well,” said Mom, “that was brave. Who was the little boy?” “Me, Mommy.” 
Little Pete came home from the playground with a bloody nose, black eye, and torn clothing.  It was obvious he’d been in a bad fight and lost.  While his father was patching him up, he asked his son what happened. “Well, Dad,” said Pete, “ I challenged Larry to a duel. And, you know, I gave him his choice of weapons.” “Uh-huh,” said the father, “that seems fair.” “I know, but I never thought he’d choose his sister!” 
It was local election time and the candidate was visiting all the houses in his area. At one house a small boy answered the door. “Tell me, young man, “said the politician, “Is your Mommy in the Republican Party or the Democratic Party?”  “Neither,” said the child, “she’s in the bathroom.” 
Earl and Bob, both obsessed with baseball, never missed their favorite team’s game. They promised, whoever died first, and went to heaven, would come back to earth and tell the other if there was baseball in heaven.  One day, Earl died. Bob waited for him to come back. Finally Earl did. He said to Bob. "I have good news and bad news. I'll tell you the good news first. There is baseball in heaven."  Bob said, "That’s the best news!"  Then Earl said, time for the bad news....”You're pitching tomorrow night."
Q. What is the bigest pencil in the world? A. Pennsylvania
Q. What is a pig's favorite karate move? A  Pork chop. 
I saw a sign that said "Speed Bumps".   I thought, my how times change!  Speed used to kill.
A store manager overheard one of his salesmen talking to a customer.      "No sir,"said the salesman.” We haven't had any for awhile and it doesn't look like we'll be getting any soon."       The manager was horrified and yelled after the departing customer,” Come back next week. We’re sure to have whatever it is you need."       Irate, he turned to his salesman,” Never tell a customer we're out of anything! NOW, WHAT DID HE WANT?"       "Rain,” answered the salesman. 
Q. Why was the fly dancing on the jam jar? A. Because on the lid it said, "Twist to open".
Little Emily was complaining to her mother that her stomach hurt.  Her mother replied, “That’s because it's empty. Maybe you should try putting something in it."  The next day, the pastor was over at Emily's family's house for lunch.  He mentioned having his head hurt, to which Emily immediately replied, "That's because it's empty.  Maybe you should try putting something in it."
How many ducks would there be, if you saw two ducks in front of two ducks, two ducks between two ducks, and two ducks behind two ducks?   Answer: 4 ducks-because they are in a row. 
Did you hear about the two radio antennas that got married?   The wedding was terrible, but the reception was excellent!
Earl and Bob, both obsessed with baseball, never missed their favorite team’s game. They promised, whoever died first, and went to heaven, would come back to earth and tell the other if there was baseball in heaven.  One day, Earl died. Bob waited for him to come back. Finally Earl did. He said to Bob. "I have good news and bad news. I'll tell you the good news first. There is baseball in heaven."  Bob said, "That’s the best news!"  Then Earl said, time for the bad news....”You're pitching tomorrow night."
Q. What is the bigest pencil in the world? A. Pennsylvania
Did you hear about the two radio antennae that got married?   The wedding was terrible, but the reception was excellent!
Man: Excuse me Miss, but were you born in Tennessee? Woman: No, why? Man: Because your the only ten-I-see! 
A fish walks into a bar, the bartender asks,  "What would you like?" the fish says holding his neck,  "Water". 
Two guys were fishing down by the Ohio River on different sides of the riverbank at night. Guy number one was catching a whole bunch of fish for his family, but guy number two hadn't caught any and was frustrated and called out to guy number one "How come you've been catching all them there fish and I ain't caught a single one?"   Guy number one replied, " I don’t know.... why don’t ya come on over here?"   "I don’t know.... I don’t see a bridge, and their aint no boat, and I don’t swim to well" Guy number one picks up his flashlight, turns it on, and replies, " Why don’t you walk across this here beam off light?" Guy number two was outraged and replied "do you think am stupid? When I get half way you'll turn it off!!!" 
One day, a cowboy rode into a Wild, Wild West town. The people in the town love to play jokes on visitors. After tying his horse to the pole outside a bar, the cowboy went in. "A cup of milk please." he said to the bartender. After drinking, he went out, only to find his horse missing. Knowing that the villagers did it, he went back into the bar and said to everybody," I am going to have another drink and when I finish it, I want to see my horse outside! Or else, I will have to do what I did in Texas - HERE!" The people were very frightened. When he finished his drink, he went outside and saw his horse. The villagers had put it back. Curious, the bartender asked the cowboy,” What did you do in Texas?" The Cowboy replied," Well, I had to walk home 
A little girl was eating a doughnut on her way to church. Since she could not eat inside, she left it outside and she prayed, "God, will you please watch my doughnut and not go anywhere else? Thank you!"   Then she went inside.  When the priest said, "God is here, God is there, and God is everywhere!"    The little girl said, ”You are wrong! God is outside watching my doughnut!"
A man had a nose ring fitted into his nose, a friend asked, "how much did you pay for that?" "I paid through the nose!” he replied 
Q. How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A. They can't do it, it's a hardware problem.
Q. "Why did the cookie got to the doctor's?" A. "Because he was feeling crummy!" 
A man had a nose ring fitted into his nose, a friend asked, "how much did you pay for that?" "I paid through the nose!” he replied 
His father sends a small boy to bed. Five minutes later.... "Da-ad...." "What?" "I'm thirsty. Can you bring drink of water?" "No. You had your chance. Lights out." Five minutes later: "Da-aaaad....." "WHAT?" "I'm THIRSTY. Can I have a drink of water??" "I told you NO!" If you ask again, I'll have to spank you!!" Five minutes later......"Daaaa-aaaad....." "WHAT!" "When you come in to spank me, can you bring a drink of water?" 
One summer evening during a violent thunderstorm a mother was tucking her son into bed. She was about to turn off the light when he asked with a tremor in his voice, "Mommy, will you sleep with me tonight?"   The mother smiled and gave him a reassuring hug. "I can't dear," she said. "I have to sleep in daddy's room."   A long silence was broken at last by his shaky little voice: "The big sissy." 
His father sends a small boy to bed. Five minutes later.... "Da-ad...." "What?" "I'm thirsty. Can you bring drink of water?" "No. You had your chance. Lights out." Five minutes later: "Da-aaaad....." "WHAT?" "I'm THIRSTY. Can I have a drink of water??" "I told you NO!" If you ask again, I'll have to spank you!!" Five minutes later......"Daaaa-aaaad....." "WHAT!" "When you come in to spank me, can you bring a drink of water?" 
Once upon a time Dracula decided to carry some sort of a competition to see which is the finest bat to stand on his side. So all the bats were honored to take part. The rules were simple. Whichever bat drinks more blood, will be the winner? So the first bat goes and comes back after 10 minutes. Her mouth was full of blood. Dracula says: "Congratulations, how did you do that?" The bat said: "Do you see that tower? Behind it there is a house. I went in and sucked the blood of all the family". "Very good" said Dracula. The second bat goes and comes back after 5 minutes all her face covered in blood. Dracula astonished says, "How did you do that?" The bat replies " Do you see that tower? Behind it there is a school. I went in and drunk the blood of all the children". "Impressive" said Dracula. Now the third bat goes and comes back after three minutes literally covered in blood from top to toe. Dracula is stunned. "How on earth did you do that????" he asked. And the bat replies. "Do you see this tower?" Dracula replies with a yes. And the bat says "Well, I didn't".
A man takes his hamster to the vet, and after a short look at the creature the vet pronounces it dead. Not happy with the vet's diagnosis the man asks for a second opinion. The vet gives a whistle and in strolls a Labrador dog. The dog nudges the hamster around with its nose and sniffs it a couple of times before shaking his head. "There" says the vet,” Your hamster is dead". Still not happy the man asks for a third opinion. The vet opens the back door and in bounds a cat. The cat jumps onto the table and looks the hamster up and down for a few minutes before looking up and shaking it's head. "It's definitely dead sir", says the vet. Convinced, the man enquires how much he owes. "That will be £1000, please". "A £1000 just to tell me my hamster is dead" fumes the man. "Well", says the vet, "There's my diagnosis, the lab report and the cat scan".
Bill, Hillary and Vice President Gore were on their way back to Washington on Air Force One, when Bill said " I'd like to drop a $100 bill out of the plane and make one person very happy". Hillary thought for a moment then replied "I’d rather drop ten, $10 bills out and make ten people very happy". To which Vice President Gore said " I would drop a hundred $1 bills out and make a hundred people very happy".  The pilot then spoke up and said " Why don't all three of you jump out and make 250 million people very happy?" 
An elderly couple is beginning to notice that neither of them seem to be able to remember things as well as they used to.  So, they go to see their doctor, who explains that there is nothing really wrong with, just typical memory loss associated with old age.  He suggests that they each get notebooks and write notes to themselves to help remember things.  The couple goes home and that evening while watching T.V. the man gets up and heads for the kitchen.  His wife asks if he can bring her some ice cream when he returns.  He says he will, and she says he should write it down.  "I’m just going to the kitchen, I'll remember."  "Well, I want that with nuts, too."  "O.K. he says ice cream with nuts."  She asks again if he's going to write it down.  "No, I'm just going to the kitchen."  "And a Cherry on the top?"  He agrees and turns toward the kitchen again and she asks again about writing it down.  Now the old man is angry, "Look, old lady I'm not senile, I can remember ice cream with nuts and a cherry on top."  He goes in the kitchen for 10 minutes and when he returns he sets a plate of bacon and eggs in front of his wife.  She looks up and says, "Honey, you forgot my toast."
Married life is boring. The first year of marriage, the husband does the talking and the wife listens. The second year, the wife talks and the husband listen. And, finally, starting the third year, they both talk and the neighbors do the listening.
In the name of the Lord God: One day a sergeant came back home and said to his wife: Everything has changed in the army. From now on, he added, we are free to follow the orders of our officers and we can discuss the matters with them. His wife answered: That is in the army. Here at home none of that. Get up and wash the dishes!
Two monkeys were sitting in a tree and two lions were sleeping below them. One monkey said to the other monkey "I dare you to go down there and kick one of those lions in the rear end." The other monkey said o.k. I'll go down there and kick him in the rear end as hard as I can. So he goes down the tree and kicks the lion as hard as he can and takes off swinging through the trees. The lion starts to chase him. He keeps getting closer, and closer until the monkeys thinks "Man I better do something quick or that lion is going to eat me for lunch. So he keeps swinging until the lion is pretty far behind him and he sees a newspaper lying on the ground. So he picks it up and starts to read it. All of a sudden the lion catches up to him and says, "Did you see a monkey run by here?" The monkey goes, "You mean the one that kicked that lion in the rear end?" And the lion says,"Dang it was in the paper already?"
A man in a hot air balloon realized he was lost. He reduced altitude and spotted a woman below. He descended a bit more and shouted,” Excuse me, can you help? I promised a friend I would meet him an hour ago, but I don't know where I am."  The woman below replied, "You are in a hot air balloon hovering approximately 30 feet above the ground. You are between 40 and 41 degrees north latitude and between 59 and 60 degrees west longitude."  "You must be an engineer," said the balloonist.  "I am," replied the woman. "How did you know?"   "Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you told me is technically correct, but I have no idea what to make of you, and the fact is I am still lost. Frankly, you've not been much help so far."  The woman below responded, "You must be in management."  "I am," replied the balloonist, "but how did you know?"  "Well," said the woman, "you don't know where you are or where you are going. You have risen to where you are, due to a large quantity of hot air. You made a promise which you have no idea how to keep, and you expect people beneath you to solve your problems. The fact is you are in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but now, somehow, it's my fault!" 
A lady walks into a shop one day she asks if she could try on a dress in the window, the manager suggested it might be better to use the changing room
A ghost walks into a bar at midnight, and asks the bartender for a Whisky. The bartender says " Sorry we don't serve spirits after 11" 
 Q. What did the fish say when it swam into the wall?      A. Dam!
A man placed an ad in the classifieds: "Wife wanted." The next day he received a hundred letters. They all said the same: "You can have mine." 
Q. Have you heard the latest scandal?   A. Dr. Pepper was drunk at a party.
Teacher: Now, Sam, tell me frankly do you say prayers before eating?  Sam: No sir, I don't have to, my mom is a good cook.  
Never criticize someone unless you walk a mile in his or her shoes, and then when you criticize them you'll be a mile away and have their shoes!
One day a boy asked his grandpa "grandpa make a frog sound"  The grandfather asked why?  The boy said, "Grandma says when you croak we are going to Hawaii” 
1-	One day a Mullah was going to Bazaar to sell his goose. An intelligent and humorous priest saw him and decided to put him on the test. He approached the Mullah and asked: how much is the donkey? The mullah answered: father it is a goose not donkey. The priest replied: I did not ask you, I asked the goose.  2-	 The other day a Mullah went to the doctor. He said: doctor, my beard aches. The doctor asked him: what did you eat for lunch? He replied: I ate bread and ice. The doctor answered back: neither your pain resembles the pains of the people nor your food is like theirs.  3-	 One day Mullah was beating his donkey in a remote place. A man saw him and asked: why are you beating the poor animal.  Sorry, said Mullah, is it a member of your family? 
Q. Why was the employee fired from the orange juice factory?  A. He couldn't concentrate. 
One day a boy asked his grandpa "grandpa make a frog sound"  The grandfather asked why?  The boy said, "Grandma says when you croak we are going to Hawaii” 
Two classmates were chatting in their lunch break... "I know how to get money real quick" says one,” how?" "go to your dad and say, "I know the truth" and he'll give you money" So the young boy went home and said "dad, I know the truth" and  his dad gave him ten dollars and told him not to tell anyone 'the truth'. He then went to his mother, " Mom, I know the truth” he said. "Please don't tell your dad" she said and gave him twenty dollars. Content with thirty dollars he went outside to go to the arcade and saw the milkman. "I know the truth,” he shouted out. The milkman replied "Well come and hug your real father then" 
   For weeks, a six-year old lad kept telling his first-grade teacher about    the baby brother or sister that was expected at his house. One day the    Mother allowed the boy to feel the movements of the unborn child.    The six-year old was obviously impressed, but he made no comment.    Furthermore, he stopped telling his teacher about the impending event.    The teacher finally sat the boy on her lap and said, "Tommy, whatever    has become of that baby brother or sister you were expecting at home?"    Tommy burst into tears and confessed, "I think Mommy ate it!" 
One day a little girl was sitting and watching her mother do the dishes at the kitchen sink. She suddenly noticed that her mother had several strands of white hair sticking out in contrast to her brunette head.  She looked at her mother and inquisitively asked, "Why are some of your hairs white, Mom?"   Her mother replied, "Well, every time that you do something wrong and make me cry or unhappy, one of my hairs turns white."   The little girl thought about this revelation for a while and then said, "Momma, how come ALL of grandma's hairs are white?" 
The children had all been photographed, and the teacher was trying   to persuade them each to buy a copy of the group picture. "Just think   how nice it will be to look at it when you are all grown up and say,   "There's Jennifer; she's a lawyer,' or “That’s Michael, he's a doctor.'"   A small voice at the back of the room rang out, "And there's the  teacher. She's dead." 
  A Kindergarten teacher was observing her classroom of children    while they drew. She would occasionally walk around to see each    child's artwork.  As she got to one little girl who was working    diligently, she asked what the drawing was.  The girl replied,    "I'm drawing God."   The teacher paused and said, "But no one    knows what God looks like."   Without missing a beat, or looking    up from her drawing, the girl replied,  "They will in a minute." 
Michael was selling a fine horse, and his friend Liam came over with the intention of buying it. "How much is it?" asked Liam, and Pat told him "500 dollars." Liam was startled, and said, "But sure, I could give only 25 dollars for even such a fine horse." "Done!" said Michael. Liam was surprised again. "How is it you came down so fast?" Michael smiled and said, "25 dollars is what he's worth, all right, but you're my friend, and I thought you'd like owning a 500 dollar horse."
Three businessmen went to a luncheon at a restaurant.  While waiting for the waiter they were comparing papers.  While passing a paper, the paper was ripped. At that the waiter returned to the table and request drink orders: Waiter: What would you like, sir? Businessman #1: Martini, please. Waiter: how would you like it? Businessman #1: on the rocks Waiter: (to business man #2) what would you like? Businessman #2: I'll have an iced tea Waiter: (to business man #3) and you sir? Businessman #3: A scotch.' Waiter: how would you like it? Businessman #3: TAPE!! 
This farmer had a wife who nagged him all the time. One day while he was outside plowing the field, she came out and started nagging him. While she was doing this, the mule kicked her and she died. At the funeral, the ladies came up and talked to the farmer. The farmer nodded his head "yes". The men came up and talked to him and the farmer nodded his head "no”. Well this other man wondered why he nodded his head "yes" to the ladies and "no" to the men. Then, he went up to the farmer and asked him why. The farmer replied,” Well, when the ladies came up, they told me how pretty my wife's dress was and how pretty she looked. When the men came up, they asked,’ That mule for sale?'
Two guys John and Dick were just about to go to sleep when they realized the gate to their car garage was not yet closed. Each one wanted the other to go and close it. Dick came with a solution he said, I will ask you a question if you answer it properly you will close the gate otherwise I will close it. Bright idea! Said John, go ahead and ask. Well said the Dick, There is small domestic animal, it spends most of its time in the house and sometimes it roams in the garden, it catches mice and cries mew, mew, I mean meow, meow. What is it? Well, that must be a fish answered John. After thinking for moment Dick exclaimed Oh! You got it!!
Q: How do you catch a squirrel? A: Go up a tree and act like a nut.
Q:What Does A Cannibal Call A Phone Book? A:A Menu For Delivery
A couple celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary. When they were asked what their secret was to a long lasting marriage they said: "We take the time to go out to a restaurant two times a week. A candlelight dinner, soft music and a slow walk home. She goes on Tuesdays, and I go on Fridays."
A son is calling his mom from college, and telling her that he had just got his degree. The mother says: That's great honey! What kind of degree? And the son, almost squealing with excitement says: The best one ever, a Celsius degree! 
One day, two little friends were walking home from school and kid #1 said,” I have noticed, in the morning while looking out my window that your father goes to work earlier than my dad, yet they work together...why is that?" Then kid #2 not having a clear answer, replies "well, he goes early to swing on the gate!"
Q:HOW DO YOU MAKE A TISSUE DANCE? A:PUT A LITTLE BOOGI IN IT
A man has a racehorse, never won a race. Man in disgust says,” Horse, you win today or you pull a milk wagon tomorrow morning." The starting gate opens, the horses take-off, they move the gate away and there lays his horse asleep on the track. He kicks the horse and asks, "WHY ARE YOU SLEEPING. The horse, half asleep says, "I have to get up at three in the morning."
 Q.Why did the cookie go to the doctor?  A. He was feeling crummy!
Confusius say,boy who brings ladder to school must be in High School.
BOY:Are you tired? GIRL:Why?  BOY:Because you've been running through my mind all day.
A man gets this real fast sports car and hes is flying down the road at about 80 mph. After a couple miles a cop pulls out on to the road and turns on his siren. The man pulls over and waits for the officer to give him a ticket. The officer comes up to his car and says "I have been waiting for you all day". The man says "Well I got here as fast I could".
Confusius say,man who lives in glass house must dress in basement.
A sign posted in a Dentist's office said:  "Please be nice to our dentists.  They have fillings too."
The older sister asks her younger brother, "What are you giving Mom and Dad for Christmas?"  Without missing a beat, the little brother replies, "A list of everything I want."
A Sunday school teacher was discussing the Ten Commandments    with her five and six year olds. After explaining the commandment to    "Honor thy Father and thy Mother," she asked, "is there a    commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters?"    Without missing a beat one little boy (the oldest of a family)  answered,"Thou shall not kill." 
 Q.Whats wrong when your wife nags at you in the front room?   A.You made her chain too long. 
An honest seven-year-old admitted calmly to her parents that Billy  Brown had kissed her after class.    "How did that happen?" gasped her mother.    "It wasn't easy," admitted the young lady, "but three girls helped me    catch him." 
A Sunday school teacher was discussing the Ten Commandments    with her five and six year olds. After explaining the commandment to    "Honor thy Father and thy Mother," she asked, "is there a    commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters?"    Without missing a beat one little boy (the oldest of a family)  answered,"Thou shall not kill." 
 Q.Whats wrong when your wife nags at you in the front room?   A.You made her chain too long. 
 Q.Why did the cookie go to the doctor?  A. He was feeling crummy!
A little boy was walking down the street with a steak on his head, a man walked over to him and asked: Little boy why have you got a steak on your head? The little boy replied I'm not a little boy I’m a fork!
Confusius say,man who lives in glass house must dress in basement.
Confusius say,boy who brings ladder to school must be in High School.
BOY:Are you tired? GIRL:Why?  BOY:Because you've been running through my mind all day.
A man gets this real fast sports car and hes is flying down the road at about 80 mph. After a couple miles a cop pulls out on to the road and turns on his siren. The man pulls over and waits for the officer to give him a ticket. The officer comes up to his car and says "I have been waiting for you all day". The man says "Well I got here as fast I could".
A sign posted in a Dentist's office said:  "Please be nice to our dentists.  They have fillings too."
America's First Law of Motion: An object in motion tends to stay in motion, and an object tends to stay at rest, unless an external force acts upon the object. Meaning 	America tends to go its way unless acted upon by Osama.  America's Second Law of Motion: The acceleration of a body is proportional to the force applied on it. Meaning The number of sleeping pills an American takes is directly proportional to the number of video tapes Osama releases.  America's Third Law of Motion: For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. Meaning 	For every death of an American, there is a death of an afghan. 
Cannibals capture three men.  The men are told that they will be skinned and eaten and then their skin will be used to make canoes.  Then they are each given a final request.  The first man asks to be killed as quickly and painlessly as possible.  His request is granted, and they poison him.  The second man asks for paper and a pen so that he can write a farewell letter to his family.  This request is granted, and after he writes his letter, they kill him  saving his skin for their canoes.  Now it is the third man's turn.  He asks for a fork.  The cannibals are confused, but it is his final request, so they give him a fork.  As soon as he has the fork he begins stabbing himself all over and shouts, "To hell with your canoes!"
1.Happiness is only a shoe shop away 2.If you fart it is blamed on the nearest man 3.It is always the mans fault if the car goes wrong 4.Chocolate can really solve problems 5.You can end a fight by crying 6.You have the right to be a pain every month    1.you always get the blame if something goes wrong 2.the kids always see you as the one that tells them to tidy their room and that they can't get a dog 3.The kitchen 4.People annoy you at totally the wrong time with their problems 5. The week after your period no one likes you 6.If you break up your relationship you only get half your cds back 
A man goes to see his lawyer to prepare his will.  At the first meeting, the lawyer takes all the information down, and sends the man home, telling him to come see him again in two weeks.  Two weeks later, the man comes back, reads the will and signs it in front of three witnesses.  The lawyer says:  "That will be $100."  (This is an old joke.) The man pays him, shakes his hand and leaves.  The lawyer looks down in his hand and notices not one but two $100 bills, and so, he faces a serious ethical dilemma. Do you know what the dilemma is?   Does he tell his partner, or not?
Two cowboy ranchers in Texas, they each had their own horse, but they could never tell them apart. So the first cowboy said, "I've got it!" The second cowboy said "What?" "I'll shave the mane on my horse." Let's do it!” So the cowboy shaves the mane on his horse. But after a while the mane grew back. The cowboys are having a really hard time telling them apart. Then the one cowboy said, "I've got it! "What? What? What’s your idea now? says the other" "I'll cut the tail on my horse really small." "Alright! Let's do it!" So he cut the tail really short. But after a while it grew back. "Then the second cowboy said, "OK, this time I've got it!" You take the black one and I'll take white one!!!!"
Cannibals capture three men.  The men are told that they will be skinned and eaten and then their skin will be used to make canoes.  Then they are each given a final request.  The first man asks to be killed as quickly and painlessly as possible.  His request is granted, and they poison him.  The second man asks for paper and a pen so that he can write a farewell letter to his family.  This request is granted, and after he writes his letter, they kill him  saving his skin for their canoes.  Now it is the third man's turn.  He asks for a fork.  The cannibals are confused, but it is his final request, so they give him a fork.  As soon as he has the fork he begins stabbing himself all over and shouts, "To hell with your canoes!"
First I was a giant fan, then I was a jet fan, now I m a small air conditioner
A Taliban was sitting in a cave when he hears over a dune the voice of one American solider: "One American solider is better then 10 Taliban fighters" so the Taliban angry sent over ten of his high-ranking soldiers. After a lot of gun fire and yelling and screams of agony the Taliban heard the voice again.  "One American solider is better then 100 Taliban fighters" So the Taliban sends over 100 of his highest ranked soldiers sure of victory.  After a lot of gun fire and yelling and screams of agony the Taliban heard the voice again.  "One American solider is better then 1000 Taliban fighters"   So the Taliban sent his toughest, meanest, personal guards over the dune.  After hundreds of bullets fired, and explosions and the screaming and crying, it was over.  The Taliban now wondering what happened goes over the dune where he finds a wounded Taliban solider who says "don't send anymore men it's really a trap there is really two of them!"
 John received a free ticket to the Super Bowl.  Unfortunately. John's seat was in the last row in the corner of the stadium.  He was closer to the Goodyear Blimp than the stadium.  He noticed an empty seat 10 rows up from the 50-yard line.  He decides to make his way to the empty seat.  As he sits down he asks the man next to him if anyone is sitting there.  The man told him no, it was empty. John is very excited to have a seat like this at a Super Bowl and asks why in the world no one is using it?  The man replied that it was his wife's seat but she passed away. He said this was the first Super Bowl that they have not attended together since they were married in 1968.  John said that it was really sad and asked if he couldn't find someone, a relative or a close friend to take the seat?  "No" replied the man, "They're at her funeral!" 
A man comes home after an assignment of 3-years and he finds, there is an additional member of the family, a 29 months toddler. Furious he demands an explanation: He says, how could you have done this to me! Did you cheat on me with one of my friends, was it Josh, was it Nathan, or was it John? His wife with a daring look says, your friends! Your friends!  Don’t you think I have my own friends too?  
A man was speeding down the highway and a cop pulled him over and gave him a ticket after staring at it he asked, "WHEN'S THE RAFFLE?"
One day a city bus driver picked up a woman that was carrying a paper bag full of oranges. There were no empty seats so she had to hang on by a strap in the aisle.  After traveling a few blocks the driver had to make a sudden stop. This caused the woman to almost fall down and several oranges fell to the floor.  As she bent over to pick them up she expelled gas making some loud noises.  The bus driver remarked "that's right lady, if you can't catch them, shoot them" 
A very ugly man walking down the street comes across a most beautiful expensively dressed woman. She asks him please come with me; I have a job for you. Being the first time that any woman talked to him he was flabbergasted. He blindly follows her and ends up in a goldsmith's shop. Pointing to the ugly guy the woman tells the goldsmith "looks like this one" and she leaves the shop without a word to the ugly man. Confused, the ugly man tells the goldsmith the story and asks him if he has the slightest idea on why he was brought to him. The goldsmith says, well, it may be disturbing to know that she wanted a ring made for her with a devils face on it. I told her I had never seen a devil before
Only in America do we chain $2.00 ink pens to the counter but leave our $58,000 cars out in the driveway.
A small girl sat in front of the television watching a news program on teenage run away.  "Mommy," she asked. "Why do people run away?"  The mother thought for a moment about the numerous reasons that teens run and then proceeded to try and explain in a way that her young daughter would understand.  After the first few moments of explanation the small girl interrupted.  "No Mommy, why do people RUN away?  Do they have to run or can they walk away too?"
Q:   What do you call 144 blondes? A:   Gross ignorance. 
Q. What do Fred Flintstone and Osama Bin Laden have in common? A. They both look out their caves and see rubble. 
Little Tim, a 5 year old called 911 and very softly said: "hello”.  Officer Pam asked: are your parents there? Little Tim answered: "yes, their busy", the police, the fire department are here and they are busy” Officer Pam said, so son your telling me that the police, fire department, and your parents are there and they are all busy?    Little Tim: "yes" Officer Pam: What are they all doing Little Tim: "Looking for me" 
Q. How do you know when a woman is going to say something smart? A. It will start with "He said..." 
A man went to the Department of Motor Vehicles to obtain a driver's license.  On the form they gave him, one question asked if he'd like to be an organ donor.  Not really thinking about it, he marked no.  The next day, as his friends were looking over his license, one asked him why wasn’t he an organ donor.  He simply replied, "I'd like to rest in peace, not in pieces!"
My wife decided to meet some of the children residing at our emergency shelter.  Realizing that she was the wife of the Development Coordinator, a young child asked if we were husband and wife to which my wife said "Yes” Without missing a beat, this particular girl remarked how short I was.  This sweet child's next statement said it all when she asked thoughtfully, "Wasn't he taller when he married you?"
Q: How does an archeologist tell a male skeleton from a female skeleton? A: He knows it’s a female skeleton if the jawbone is worn down. 
Do you believe in love at first sight or do  I have to walk by you again?
Q: Which travels faster,heat or cold and why? A: Heat, because you can catch cold easily
Q. Why can’t a blonde dial 911? A. She can't find the eleven 
Q. Did you hear the Energizer Bunny Was Arrested? R. Charged With Battery! 
Q: Which travels faster,heat or cold and why? A: Heat, because you can catch cold easily
Q. Why can’t a blonde dial 911? A. She can't find the eleven 
Horse walks into a bar and the bar tender asks..."Hey buddie, whats with the LONG face"...
Q. What has one horn and gives milk?   A  A milk truck. 
A fat lady walks into a bar with a pig under her arm. The bartender asks: "where did you get the cow?" the fat lady says "its not a cow its a pig", and the bartender said, " I was talking to the pig"
Teacher to a student: "Can you think of a solution to end unemployment?" "Yes, sir! I'd put all the men on one island and the women on another." "And what would they be doing then?" "Building boats!"
Seven-year-old John had finished his summer vacation and gone back to school. Two days later his teacher phone his mother to tell her that John was misbehaving. "Wait a minute," said the mother. "I had John here for two months and I never called you once when he misbehaved."
A couple, desperate to conceive a child, went to their priest and asked him to pray for them. "I'm going on a sabbatical to Rome," he replied, "and while I'm there, I'll light a candle for you." When the priest returned three years later, he went to the couple's house and found the wife pregnant, busily attending to two sets of twins.  Elated, the priest asked her where her husband was so that he could congratulate him. "He's gone to Rome, to blow that candle out" came the harried reply.
At a party the hostess served a guest a cup of punch and told him it was spiked. Next, she served some to a minister.  “I would rather commit adultery than allow liquor to pass my lips!” he shouted. Hearing this, the first man poured his punch back and said, “I didn’t know we had a choice!” 
Q. What's te definition of a bachelor pad? A. All the house plants are dead, but there's something growing in the refrigerator.
An 85-year-old widow went on a blind date with a 90-year-old man. When she returned to her daughter's house later that night, she seemed upset. "What happened, Mother?" the daughter asked. "I had to slap his face three times!" "You mean he got fresh?" "No," she answered. "I thought he was dead!"
A woman sat down on a park bench, glanced around and decided to stretch out her legs on the seat and relax.  After a while, a beggar came up to her and said, "Hello, luv, how's about us going for a walk together?" "How dare you," retorted the woman, "I'm not one of your cheap pickups!" Well then," said the tramp, "what are you doing in my bed?"
To impress his date, the young man took her to a very chick Italian restaurant.  After sipping some fine wine, he picked up the menu and ordered.  "We'll have the Giuseppe Spomdalucci," he said.  "Sorry, sir," said the waiter. "That"s the owner."
While on a bus one woman asked another, with grat curiosity, "well, what happened on your date with dashing Prince Lancelot?" "Yuk!' was the disillutioned reply.  "He was more like disgusting Prince Lust-a-lot, and  I was the one who needed the suit of armor!"
A bar owner locked up his place at 2 AM and went home to sleep.  He had been in bed only a few minutes when the phone rang. “What time do you open up in the morning?” he heard an obviously inebriated man inquire. The owner was so furious, he slammed down the receiver and went back to bed. A few minutes later there was another call and he heard the same voice ask the same question.  “Listen, the owner shouted, “there’s no sense in asking me what time I open because I wouldn’t let a person in your condition in—“   “I don’t want to get in,” the caller interjected.  “I want to get out.” 
A college professor walked into a bas and said, “Bring me a martinus.” The bartender smiled and said, “You mean martini?” “If I want more than one,” snapped the professor, “I’ll order them” 
A college friend was going to meet a young lady he new. "An old flame? I asked. He winked and said, "More like an unlit match."
A bechelor, just turned 40, began feeling desperate. "I went to a singles bar," he told a friend.  "walked over to this 20-year-old woman and asked, "Where have you been all my life?  she said, "Theeting!"
A couple walking in the park noticed a young man and woman sitting on a bench, passionately kissing. "Why don't you do that?" said the wife. "Honey," replied her husband, "I don't even know that woman!"
Over breakfast one morning, a woman said to her husband, "I bet you don't know what today is?"  "Of course I do," he indignantly answered, going out the door on his way the office.  At 10 AM, the doorbell rang, and when the woman opens the door, she was handed a box containing a dozen long-stemmed red roses. At 1 PM, a foil-wrapped, two pound box of her favorite chocolates arrive.  Later, a boutique delivered a designer dress.  "First the flowers, then the candy, and then the dress!" she exclaimed. "I've never spent a more wonderful Groundhog Day in my whole life!" 
A little girl asked her mother for ten cents to give to an old lady in the park. Her mother was touched by the child's kindness and gave her the required sum. "There you are, my dear," said the mother.  "But, tell me, isn't the lady able to work any more?" "Oh yes," came the reply. "She sells sweets"
Teacher to a student: "Can you think of a solution to end unemployment?" "Yes, sir! I'd put all the men on one island and the women on another." "And what would they be doing then?" "Building boats!"
Seven-year-old John had finished his summer vacation and gone back to school. Two days later his teacher phone his mother to tell her that John was misbehaving. "Wait a minute," said the mother. "I had John here for two months and I never called you once when he misbehaved."
Q. What's te definition of a bachelor pad? A. All the house plants are dead, but there's something growing in the refrigerator.
A man had just presented his wife with the fox coat she had been coaxing and cajoling him to by her for weeks.  Now he was perplexed to see her examining it with a sad look. “What’s the matter, sweetheart? Don’t you like the coat?” he asked. “I love it,” she answered. “It’s just that I was feeling sorry for the poor little creature who was skinned alive so that I could have the pleasure of wearing this coat.” “Why, thank you,” said the husband. 
A young man looking to get married asked his friend. "Every woman I bring home to meet my parents, my mother doesn't like." "Oh, that's easy," his pal replied.  "All you have to do is find someone whos' just like your mother."  "I did that already," he said, "and that one my father didn't like."
John, and avant-garde painter got married. Someone asked the bride a few weeks after the wedding, "How's married life, Helen?" "It's great," she answered. "My husband paints, I cook; then we try to guess whe he  painted and what I cooked."
The newlywed said to her husband.  "I'm not cleaning up after you. I'm a career woman. That means I pay other people to do housework. "How much?" "Eight dollars and hour. Take it or leave it"
A bar owner locked up his place at 2 AM and went home to sleep.  He had been in bed only a few minutes when the phone rang. “What time do you open up in the morning?” he heard an obviously inebriated man inquire. The owner was so furious, he slammed down the receiver and went back to bed. A few minutes later there was another call and he heard the same voice ask the same question.  “Listen, the owner shouted, “there’s no sense in asking me what time I open because I wouldn’t let a person in your condition in—“   “I don’t want to get in,” the caller interjected.  “I want to get out.” 
A college professor walked into a bas and said, “Bring me a martinus.” The bartender smiled and said, “You mean martini?” “If I want more than one,” snapped the professor, “I’ll order them” 
A college friend was going to meet a young lady he new. "An old flame? I asked. He winked and said, "More like an unlit match."
An 85-year-old widow went on a blind date with a 90-year-old man. When she returned to her daughter's house later that night, she seemed upset. "What happened, Mother?" the daughter asked. "I had to slap his face three times!" "You mean he got fresh?" "No," she answered. "I thought he was dead!"
A woman sat down on a park bench, glanced around and decided to stretch out her legs on the seat and relax.  After a while, a beggar came up to her and said, "Hello, luv, how's about us going for a walk together?" "How dare you," retorted the woman, "I'm not one of your cheap pickups!" Well then," said the tramp, "what are you doing in my bed?"
At a party the hostess served a guest a cup of punch and told him it was spiked. Next, she served some to a minister.  “I would rather commit adultery than allow liquor to pass my lips!” he shouted. Hearing this, the first man poured his punch back and said, “I didn’t know we had a choice!” 
While on a bus one woman asked another, with grat curiosity, "well, what happened on your date with dashing Prince Lancelot?" "Yuk!' was the disillutioned reply.  "He was more like disgusting Prince Lust-a-lot, and  I was the one who needed the suit of armor!"
A bechelor, just turned 40, began feeling desperate. "I went to a singles bar," he told a friend.  "walked over to this 20-year-old woman and asked, "Where have you been all my life?  she said, "Theeting!"
To impress his date, the young man took her to a very chick Italian restaurant.  After sipping some fine wine, he picked up the menu and ordered.  "We'll have the Giuseppe Spomdalucci," he said.  "Sorry, sir," said the waiter. "That"s the owner."
The newlywed said to her husband.  "I'm not cleaning up after you. I'm a career woman. That means I pay other people to do housework. "How much?" "Eight dollars and hour. Take it or leave it"
A young man looking to get married asked his friend. "Every woman I bring home to meet my parents, my mother doesn't like." "Oh, that's easy," his pal replied.  "All you have to do is find someone whos' just like your mother."  "I did that already," he said, "and that one my father didn't like."
John, and avant-garde painter got married. Someone asked the bride a few weeks after the wedding, "How's married life, Helen?" "It's great," she answered. "My husband paints, I cook; then we try to guess whe he  painted and what I cooked."
A couple walking in the park noticed a young man and woman sitting on a bench, passionately kissing. "Why don't you do that?" said the wife. "Honey," replied her husband, "I don't even know that woman!"
A man had just presented his wife with the fox coat she had been coaxing and cajoling him to by her for weeks.  Now he was perplexed to see her examining it with a sad look. “What’s the matter, sweetheart? Don’t you like the coat?” he asked. “I love it,” she answered. “It’s just that I was feeling sorry for the poor little creature who was skinned alive so that I could have the pleasure of wearing this coat.” “Why, thank you,” said the husband. 
A couple, desperate to conceive a child, went to their priest and asked him to pray for them. "I'm going on a sabbatical to Rome," he replied, "and while I'm there, I'll light a candle for you." When the priest returned three years later, he went to the couple's house and found the wife pregnant, busily attending to two sets of twins.  Elated, the priest asked her where her husband was so that he could congratulate him. "He's gone to Rome, to blow that candle out" came the harried reply.
A little girl asked her mother for ten cents to give to an old lady in the park. Her mother was touched by the child's kindness and gave her the required sum. "There you are, my dear," said the mother.  "But, tell me, isn't the lady able to work any more?" "Oh yes," came the reply. "She sells sweets"
Two explorers, camped in the heart of the African jungle, were discussing their expedition.  “I came here,” said one, “because the urge to travel was in my blood.  City life bored me, and the smell of exhaust fumes on the highways made me sick.  I wanted to see the sunrise over new horizons and hear the flutter of birds that never had been seen by man. I wanted to leave my footprints on sand unmarked before I came.  In short, I wanted to see nature in the raw.  What about you?”  “I came,” the second man replied, “because my son was taking saxophone lessons.”
When the follow called a motel and asked how much they charged for a room, the clerk told him that the rates depended on room size and number of people.  "Do you take children?' the man asked. "No, sir" replied the clerk. "only cash and credit cards."
Wife: “There’s trouble with the car.  It has water in the carburetor.” Husband:  “Water in the carburetor?  That’s ridiculous.” Wife: “I tell you the car has water in the carburetor.” Husband: “You don’t even know what a carburetor is.  Where’s the car?” Wife:  “In the swimming pool.” 
To celebrate their silver anniversary, a couple went to Niagara Falls and asked a motel clerk for a room.  "We only have the honeymoon suite available," she told them. "My wife and I've been married 25 year," the man said. "We don't need the honeymoon suite." "Look, buddy," replied the clerk. "I might rent you Yankee Stadium, but you don't have to play baseball in it!"
An American couple visiting in a German village stepped into a small shop to look for souvenirs.  The woman sneezed. "Gesundheit" said the clerk. "Charles," said the American woman to her husband, "we're in luck. There's somebody here who speaks English."
Anytime you see a young man open a car door for his girlfriend, either the car is new or the girlfriend is.
A young man was trying to park his car between two others.  He put in reverse, and bang -right into the car behind him.  He then went forward and bang - right into the car in front. A young woman watching the maneuver couldn't contain herself, "Do you always park by ear?" she asked.
In a darkets night, a policeman watches a staggering man trying in vain to unlock a door. "Is this your home, after all?" the policeman asks. "Sure, I'll prove it to you if you help me." Inside, the man explains, "You see, this is my bedroom. And this is my wife." "And who is the man next to her?" the policemand wants to know. "That's me!"
Bill attended a party where he met an old acquaintance, “Hello, Sam,” he said. “How’s your clothing business? I heard you lost a lot on that fall shipment of dresses.”  “That’s right,” Sam responded.  “And you almost went bankrupt.”  “That’s true too.”  “But I understand you made a big profit on another shipment and wound up having a pretty good season after all.”  “That’s correct.  Then I guess you heard all about it, Bill.”  “Yeah,” Bill answered, “but this is the first time I’m hearing all the details.” 
Three businessmen were having dinner at a club.  When it came time to pay the check, each grabbed for it.  "It's a business expense," said one.  "I'll pay," said the second. "I'm on cost plus."  "Let me have it, "argued the third. "I'm filing for bankruptcy next week
I hear the boys are gonna strike," one worker told another. "What for?" asked the friend. "Shorter hours." "Good for them.  I always did think 60 minutes was too long for an hour."
After he finished his route, a bus driver had to explain to the supervisor, why he was 10 minutes late; "I was stuck behind a big truck."  "But yesterday you were 10 minutes early," reminded the boss.  "Yeah, the bus driver replied. "But yesterday I was stuck behind a Porshe."
A juggler, driving to his next performance, is stopped by the police. "What are those machetes doing in your car?" asks the cop. "I juggle them in my act." "Oh, yeah?  Says the doubtful cop. "Let's see you do it.” The juggler gets out and starts tossing and catching the knives. Another man driving by slows down to watch. "Wow" says the passer-by. "I'm glad I quit drinking. Look at the test they're giving now! 
The villager on his first trip to the city was waiting at a bus stop one morning.  After some hesitation he asked a woman. “Which bus should I take to Mahim?”   “Bus Number 177,” the woman replied, and caught the next bus. The same evening, the woman got off a bus at the same stop and found the villager still waiting.  “Didn’t you get the bus to Mahim?” she exclaimed. “Not yet,” he said wearily. “So far 168 buses have come and gone – eight more before mine arrives." 
Heading into the jungle on his first safari, the American visitor was confident he could handle any emergency.  He sidled up to the experienced native guide and said smugly. “I know that carrying a torch will keep lions away.”   “True,” the guide replied. “But it depends on how fast you carry the torch
From a passenger ship one can see a bearded man on a small island who is shouting and desperately waving is hands. He gets more and more animated with each passing moment.  "Who is it?" a passenger asks the captain.  "I've no idea.  Every year when we pass, he goes mad like that."
A woman puts on a dress two sizes smaller than her large frame and thinking that she looked good she turned to her brother and asked, "How do I look in this dress?" He said, "Not too bad." Smiling ever so sweetly, she then started to prance. Realizing his mistake, the brother then said, "I said you don't look TOO bad, that doesn't mean that you don't still look bad." 
Q.Why did the Teacher turn on the lights? A.The class was a bit dim!
Q: What kind of witch goes to the beach? A: Sandwitch
A traffic cop pulled over a speeding motorist and asked, "Do you have any ID?" The motorist replied, "About what?"
An American couple visiting in a German village stepped into a small shop to look for souvenirs.  The woman sneezed. "Gesundheit" said the clerk. "Charles," said the American woman to her husband, "we're in luck. There's somebody here who speaks English."
To celebrate their silver anniversary, a couple went to Niagara Falls and asked a motel clerk for a room.  "We only have the honeymoon suite available," she told them. "My wife and I've been married 25 year," the man said. "We don't need the honeymoon suite." "Look, buddy," replied the clerk. "I might rent you Yankee Stadium, but you don't have to play baseball in it!"
Wife: “There’s trouble with the car.  It has water in the carburetor.” Husband:  “Water in the carburetor?  That’s ridiculous.” Wife: “I tell you the car has water in the carburetor.” Husband: “You don’t even know what a carburetor is.  Where’s the car?” Wife:  “In the swimming pool.” 
The villager on his first trip to the city was waiting at a bus stop one morning.  After some hesitation he asked a woman. “Which bus should I take to Mahim?”   “Bus Number 177,” the woman replied, and caught the next bus. The same evening, the woman got off a bus at the same stop and found the villager still waiting.  “Didn’t you get the bus to Mahim?” she exclaimed. “Not yet,” he said wearily. “So far 168 buses have come and gone – eight more before mine arrives." 
Anytime you see a young man open a car door for his girlfriend, either the car is new or the girlfriend is.
From a passenger ship one can see a bearded man on a small island who is shouting and desperately waving is hands. "Who is it?" a passenger asks the captain. "I've no idea.  Every year when we pass, he goes mad."
Q: What kind of witch goes to the beach? A: Sandwitch
A young man was trying to park his car between two others.  He put in reverse, and bang -right into the car behind him.  He then went forward and bang - right into the car in front. A young woman watching the maneuver couldn't contain herself, "Do you always park by ear?" she asked.
Heading into the jungle on his first safari, the American visitor was confident he could handle any emergency.  He sidled up to the experienced native guide and said smugly. “I know that carrying a torch will keep lions away.”   “True,” the guide replied. “But it depends on how fast you carry the torch
Bill attended a party where he met an old acquaintance, “Hello, Sam,” he said. “How’s your clothing business? I heard you lost a lot on that fall shipment of dresses.”  “That’s right,” Sam responded.  “And you almost went bankrupt.”  “That’s true too.”  “But I understand you made a big profit on another shipment and wound up having a pretty good season after all.”  “That’s correct.  Then I guess you heard all about it, Bill.”  “Yeah,” Bill answered, “but this is the first time I’m hearing all the details.” 
Three businessmen were having dinner at a club.  When it came time to pay the check, each grabbed for it.  "It's a business expense," said one.  "I'll pay," said the second. "I'm on cost plus."  "Let me have it, "argued the third. "I'm filing for bankruptcy next week
In a darkets night, a policeman watches a staggering man trying in vain to unlock a door. "Is this your home, after all?" the policeman asks. "Sure, I'll prove it to you if you help me." Inside, the man explains, "You see, this is my bedroom. And this is my wife." "And who is the man next to her?" the policemand wants to know. "That's me!"
Two explorers, camped in the heart of the African jungle, were discussing their expedition.  “I came here,” said one, “because the urge to travel was in my blood.  City life bored me, and the smell of exhaust fumes on the highways made me sick.  I wanted to see the sunrise over new horizons and hear the flutter of birds that never had been seen by man. I wanted to leave my footprints on sand unmarked before I came.  In short, I wanted to see nature in the raw.  What about you?”  “I came,” the second man replied, “because my son was taking saxophone lessons.”
When the follow called a motel and asked how much they charged for a room, the clerk told him that the rates depended on room size and number of people.  "Do you take children?' the man asked. "No, sir" replied the clerk. "only cash and credit cards."
I hear the boys are gonna strike," one worker told another. "What for?" asked the friend. "Shorter hours." "Good for them.  I always did think 60 minutes was too long for an hour."
After he finished his route, a bus driver had to explain to the supervisor, why he was 10 minutes late; "I was stuck behind a big truck."  "But yesterday you were 10 minutes early," reminded the boss.  "Yeah, the bus driver replied. "But yesterday I was stuck behind a Porshe."
A traffic cop pulled over a speeding motorist and asked, "Do you have any ID?" The motorist replied, "About what?"
A juggler, driving to his next performance, is stopped by the police. "What are those machetes doing in your car?" asks the cop. "I juggle them in my act." "Oh, yeah?  Says the doubtful cop. "Let's see you do it.” The juggler gets out and starts tossing and catching the knives. Another man driving by slows down to watch. "Wow" says the passer-by. "I'm glad I quit drinking. Look at the test they're giving now! 
Hoss rode into town to buy a bull. Unfortunately, when he bought it, he was left with one dollar. Hoss needed to tell his wife to come with the truck and get the bull, but telegrams cost one dollar per word. Hoss said to the telegram man,"OK. I have my one word-'comfortable'." Why do you want to tell her that?” asked the telegram man. "Oh, she's not the best reader," Hoss said. "She'll read it really slowly". (Com-for-ta-ble, get it?)
Q.How is a heart like a musician? A.They both have a beat :)
A Highway Patrolman started creeping up on a highway speeder when it was evident that the individual being pursued realized there was a Highway Patrolman behind him and he stepped on the gas to out run the cruiser.  The trooper turned on his beacons and siren and after a brief chase, the individual realized that he could not outrun the cruiser and decided it would be best if he just pulled over to the side and just give up.  The Trooper pulled up behind the speeder and then walked up to the driver's side window.  He said, "Sir, why were you trying to out-run me?"  "You knew it would end this way."  The speeder said, "Officer, please understand, I meant you no disrespect, but my wife ran off with a Highway Patrolman last month and I thought you were bringing her back."
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip. As they lay down for the night, Holmes said:” Watson, look up into the sky and tell me what you see?"  Watson said, "I see millions and millions of stars."  Holmes: "And what does that tell you?"  Watson: "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Theologically, it tells me that God is great and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorogically, it tells me that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. What does it tell you?"  Holmes: "Somebody stole our tent." 
A rather old fashioned lady, always quite delicate and elegant, especially in her language, was planning a weeks holiday in Sydney with her husband, so she wrote to a particular camping ground and asked for a reservation.  She wanted to make sure that the camping ground was fully equipped, but didn't know quite how to ask about the toilet facilities. She just couldn't bring herself to write the word "toilet" in her letter.  After much thought, she finally came up with the old fashioned term "Bathroom closet" but when she wrote it down, she still thought she was being too forward, so she started all over again, rewrote the letter, and referred to the bathroom closet as the B.C.  "Does the camping ground have it's own B.C." is what she wrote.  Well, the camping ground owner wasn't a bit old fashioned, and he just couldn't figure out what the old lady was talking about, so he showed the letter around a few of the campers and the only thing they could come up with was that B.C. stood for Baptist Church, so he wrote the following reply.   Dear Madam,  I regret very much the delay in answering your letter, but I now take the pleasure of informing you that a B.C. is located nine miles north of our camping ground, and is capable of seating 250 people at one time.  I admit that it is quite a distance away if you are in the habit of going regularly but no doubt you will be pleased to know that a great number of campers go there and many take their lunches along and make a day of it. They usually arrive nice and early and stay quite late.  The last time my wife and I went was six years ago, and it was so crowded we had to stand up the whole time we were there. It may interest you to know that there is a special supper planned there to raise money to buy more seats so that everyone will be able to sit in comfort.  I would like to say that it pains me very much not to be able to go more regularly, but it is surely no lack of desire on my part, just that I am so busy most of the time.  As we grow older, it seems to be more of an effort to go, especially in the cold weather. If you decide to come down to our camping ground perhaps I could go with you the first time you go, sit with you and introduce you to all the other folks.  Remember this is a very friendly community 
A three-year-old had been told several times to get ready for bed. The last time his mom told him, she was every insistent. His response was, "Yes, Sir!" Since he was talking to his mother (and she is a woman), it was not expected of him to call her "Sir".    "You would say, 'yes sir,' to a man, I am a lady, and you would say 'Yes Ma'am,' to a lady," Mom said. To quiz him on is lesson; she then asked him, "What would you say to Daddy?"    "Yes Sir!" was the reply    "Then what would you say to Mama?"    "Yes, Ma'am!" he proudly answered.    "Good boy! Now what would you say to Grandma?"    He lit up and said, "Can I have a cookie?" 
There were 3 men who were working on a bridge. One of the worker's name was John, the other one's name was Randall, and the last one's name was Joe. So one day when the 3 men were taking a lunch break, they all opened up their lunch box and saw what their wives had gave them for lunch. When John opened his lunch, he saw that he had peanut butter and jelly, so then he said, "If my wife gives me the same lunch tomorrow, I'm going to jump off this bridge. Then Randall opened his lunch and saw that he had spaghetti and meatballs. So then he also said the same thing as what John said. Then when Joe opened his lunch he saw that he was having a chicken salad. So then he said that he too was going to jump off the bridge if he got the same lunch the next day. So the next day, all 3 men had the same lunch from yesterday and they all jumped off. A week later when the funeral was scheduled, John's wife said, "If my sweetie- pie told me he wanted a new lunch, he should have told me!” then Randalls wife said "Why did he do it? Why??” then Joe's wife said, "Why did he jump off the bridge? He packed his own lunch!"
Three mice are sitting around drinking and boasting about their strengths.  The first mouse says "Mouse traps, Ha!  I do pushups with the bar".  The second mouse pulls a pill from his pocket, swallows it, and says with a grin "D-Con Rat Poison".  The third mouse finishes his drink, slams his glass on the table and starts to leave.  The first mouse says, "Where do you think you're going?” "Time to go home and chase the cat”	 
Son: Father, do you know that I can name the capital of all 50 states? Father: Son, I'm so proud of you. What's the capital of texas? Son: PASS!!
An elderly woman decided to have her portrait painted. She told the artist” Paint me with diamond earrings, a diamond necklace, emerald bracelets, a ruby broach, and gold Rolex." "But you are not wearing any of those things" replied the artist.  "I know," she said. "It's in case I should die before my husband. I'm sure he will remarry right away, and I want his new wife to go crazy looking for the jewelry." 
This guy wins the lottery and decides to buy the nicest car he could find. He buys a Ferrari. It went 320 mph, had a V-12 engine, and went from 0-60 in 3 seconds. He thought nobody would be able to pass him. He decided to show his car off around town. He approaches a stoplight and at that stoplight came an old guy on a moped. The old guy says, "Nice car you have there can I take a look inside." The man says, "Sure look around all you want." When the old guy came out he said the car was all right. The guy who owned the Ferrari was pissed. His car was more than all right. So he decides to show the old man what his car could do. When the light turned green the man accelerated to 140 mph. just as the guy thought he had lost the old man he saw a black dot in his rear view mirror and it was gaining on him. IT WAS THE OLD GUY ON THE MOPED. The moped past the Ferrari. The guy in the Ferrari was like "no way." He then sped up to 240 mph and dusted the moped. But just as the guy in the Ferrari thought he had it made he saw a black dot in his rear view mirror and it was gaining on him. IT WAS THE OLD GUY ON THE MOPED. The moped passed him again. The guy in the Ferrari was getting mad, how could a moped do this. The guy then said, "that’s it" and floored it. He blazed past the old man going 320 mph. The guy in the Ferrari said " there’s no way he can pass me now. But just as he said that he saw a black dot in his rear view mirror and it was gaining on him. IT WAS THE OLD GUY ON THE MOPED. There was nothing the guy in the Ferrari could do. He was going as fast as he could. But this time the guy on the moped didn't pass him; it hit the back of his car. The guy in the Ferrari stopped immediately and ran to the old man. Amazingly the old man was still alive. The guy asked the old man if there was anything he could do. The old man replied, " Unhook my suspenders off of your rear view mirror.
Jim had been on a game show for one week straight, getting every question right. At the end of the week the host of the show said, "Jim, you've been excellent this week. If you answer this question, you will win $60,000 and a new car!"  "Okay!" answered Jim.   "Now as you know," said the host, "you can answer part A or part B of the question first. Which one would you like to take a shot at?"  "Oh, how about part B,"answered Jim nonchalantly.   The host said, "OK. Here's your question-part B- And in what year did it happen?'"
The oldest joke in the book, but oh well!  Q: Why is 6 afraid of 7? A: Because 7 8 9 (Seven Ate Nine, get it?)
Son: Father, do you know that I can name the capital of all 50 states? Father: Son, I'm so proud of you. What's the capital of texas? Son: PASS!!
Q: What kind of dance does a butcher go to? A: A meatball
Officer:  Do you know why I stopped you, son? Driver:  Cause you thought I had some doughnuts?
 Q. How do you stop a Talibon tank A. Get the guy pushing it 
Q: What kind of dance does a butcher go to? A: A meatball
A man found a magic genie who would grant him one wish. The man said to the genie,” I wish that I had a non-stop bridge from here to Hawaii." The genie said,” I’m sorry, but that's going to be very hard. Do you have another wish?" The man answered, "Of course! I want the power to understand all women." The genie thought for a minute. He replied, "How many platforms did you want on that bridge?"
Officer:  Do you know why I stopped you, son? Driver:  Cause you thought I had some doughnuts?
An elderly woman decided to have her portrait painted. She told the artist” Paint me with diamond earrings, a diamond necklace, emerald bracelets, a ruby broach, and gold Rolex." "But you are not wearing any of those things" replied the artist.  "I know," she said. "It's in case I should die before my husband. I'm sure he will remarry right away, and I want his new wife to go crazy looking for the jewelry." 
 Hey did you hear?  U.P.S and Fed-EX are merging. There going to call it Fed-Up 
Q. How are men like blenders? A. You know you need one, but your not quite sure why. 
This police officer sees an old lady driving and knitting at the same time so after driving next to her for awhile he yells to her,"PULLOVER". She replies,"No a pair of socks".
TEACHER: What is the chemical formula for water?  SARAH:   "HIJKLMNO"!  TEACHER: What are you talking about?  SARAH:   Yesterday you said its H to O!  
Q. What is a musical part of a turkey? A. The drumsticks 
An old, stingy lawyer was dying and was determined to prove wrong the old saying, "You can't take it with you". He told his wife to go down to the bank and withdraw enough money to fill two pillowcases.   His plan: Put the bags directly over his bed and when he died grab them on his way up to heaven. One day the old ambulance chaser died. When his wife was up cleaning in the attic one day, she came across the forgotten pillowcases.   She then said to herself, “That old fool. I knew he should have had me put them in the basement!"
Two women ran into the court of King Solomon, fighting. "My daughter was to marry this man, but this woman claims that the man was to marry HER daughter!" one of them yelled. "There is a simple solution," said the King. "I shall cut the man in two and each of your daughters can have a piece." "Fine by me!" said the first woman. "No, don't, I would rather let the other girl marry him than that!" cried the second. The King didn't hesitate for a minute. "Fine." he said. "The first woman my have him." "What?" protested the other? "She wanted him cut in two!" "Indeed." said the king. "She shows the true spirit of a mother-in-law!"
Late one night a mugger wearing a ski mask jumped into a path of a well-dressed man and stuck a gun in his ribs "give me your money," he demanded. Indignant, the affluent man replied, "you can't do this – I am a United States congressman!" "In that case," replied the mugger, "give me MY money."
There are three friends who are sitting in a diner having lunch.  On the table is a glass with some water.  One of the friends who is an optimist says the glass is half full.  The second friend who is a pessimist says the glass is half empty.  The third friend who is a plumbing engineer says the glass is too small.
This man comes through a door to the bar and slipped on a pile of crap, he mumbles and brushes himself off. He orders a drink and sits down. A few minutes later a younger man walks through the door yelling and screaming, and he slips on the pile of crap. He gets up and looks around, and then he sits down next to the older guy. The older man says, "I did that!" The younger man punches the old man and leaves.
One cold winter day a boy was standing out side a shoe store praying to God for some socks or some shoes. Just them a lady walks up to him and says, "Is there something that I can help you with?"  He looks down at his feet,and says "well, I would like some shoes." She grabs his hand and takes him in to the shoe store. She asks for a dozen pair of socks and a pair of shoes. They sit down; get the socks and shoes on.  As the woman is getting up to leave, the boy says thank you, and she tells him that if he ever needs anything else, to not to be afraid to ask. So he asks, "Are you Gods wife?" 
Two brooms fall in love and decide to get married.  At the reception, the bride broom wants to dance with the groom broom.  While dancing, the bride broom tells the groom broom, "I want us to have a little whiskbroom." The groom broom replies to the bridebroom, "We can't, we haven't swept together yet."
A man walked into a restaurant and orders a chicken soup bowl a while later the waiter brings it to him. The old man quickly calls him back and says "waiter taste the soup" the waiter says "well what’s wrong with it" "just taste the soup" the old man insisted". "Well what's wrong with the soup is it to hot to cold, what"! "Just taste the soup said the old man". "Oh, all right where's the spoon".
One day the son of the big chief comes to the Medicine man and says "Big Chief no fart!" So the Medicine man says give him one pill every 5 hours and come back to me in a week.  The son comes back and says "Big Chief no fart!" So the Medicine man says "give him 2 pills every 3 hours come back to me tomorrow!" So the son comes back the next day and says” big chief no fart!" The Medicine man says "Really! Give him one bag of pills every hour come back to me tomorrow!!" The son comes back the next day and exclaims,” Big Fart.................No Chief!" 
In the middle of a forest, there was a hunter who was suddenly confronted by a huge, mean bear.  In his fear, all attempts to shoot the bear were unsuccessful. Finally, he turned and ran as fast as he could. The hunter ran and ran and ran, until he ended up at the edge of a very steep cliff. His hopes were dim.  Seeing no way out of his predicament, and with the bear closing in rather quickly, the hunter got down on his knees, opened his arms, and exclaimed, "Dear God! Please give this bear some religion!"  The skies darkened and there was lightning in the air. Just a few feet short of the hunter, the bear came to abrupt stop, and glanced around, somewhat confused. Suddenly, the bear looked up into the sky and said, "Thank you God, for the food I'm about to receive..." 
A biology teacher wished to demonstrate to his students the harmful effects of alcohol on living organisms. For his experiment, he showed them a beaker with pond water in which there was a thriving civilization of worms. When he added some alcohol into the beaker the worms doubled-up and died. "Now," he said,” what do you learn from this?" An eager student gave his answer.  "Well the answer is obvious," he said " if you drink alcohol, you'll never have worms." 
A man walked into a restaurant and orders a chicken soup bowl a while later the waiter brings it to him. The old man quickly calls him back and says "waiter taste the soup" the waiter says "well what’s wrong with it" "just taste the soup" the old man insisted". "Well what's wrong with the soup is it to hot to cold, what"! "Just taste the soup said the old man". "Oh, all right where's the spoon".
A biology teacher wished to demonstrate to his students the harmful effects of alcohol on living organisms. For his experiment, he showed them a beaker with pond water in which there was a thriving civilization of worms. When he added some alcohol into the beaker the worms doubled-up and died. "Now," he said,” what do you learn from this?" An eager student gave his answer.  "Well the answer is obvious," he said " if you drink alcohol, you'll never have worms." 
A man is surprised to receives a call from his doctor. The doctor says, "I'm sorry, but I have some bad news and some worse news." "Well, alright, give me the bad news first," said the man. "Well," said the doctor, "The bad news is that you only have 24 hours to live." "Holy Cow! That is some bad news!" the man exclaimed. "What news could be worse than that?" he asked. "The worse news is that I have been trying to reach you since yesterday." 
A man went into a dentist and said "how much will it cost to have teeth taken out" "$90" said the dentist "that’s ridiculous" said the man.” I could lose the anesthetic and it would cost $60" "that’s still to expensive,” said the man "if I don't use any anesthesia I could knock the price down to $20". Still to much" said the man.” Well one of my students can do it for $10" said the dentist "perfect" said the man "book my wife for next Tuesday".
A brilliant magician was performing on an ocean liner. But every time he did a trick, a talking cat in the audience would scream, "It's a trick. It's not magic. You're a big phony!" Then one night during a storm, the ship sank while the magician was performing. And who should end up in the same lifeboat together, all alone, but the talking cat and the magician!  For three days, they glared at each other, neither one saying a word to the other. Finally the cat sighed and said, "All right, smart-aleck. You and your darn tricks. What did you do with the ship?" 
One day Bill Clinton was talking to Hillary. He was going on a vacation and before he left said, "Whatever you do don't look under my bed." So while Bill was on vacation Hillary got curious and decided to look under his bed. She found a million dollars and 2 empty beer cans. When Bill came home she said, "What's with the two beer cans under your bed?" Bill replied, "Oh. That marks all the times I've cheated on you." "Well, I forgive you," said Hillary, "But then what's with the million dollars?" He replied, "I've started to recycle."
When a man with nine children was asked how he handled illness among his children, he said, "When the first born coughed or sneezed, I called the ambulance. When the last one swallowed a quarter, I told him that it was coming out of his allowance!"
An elderly couple stood before the family court judge after a long divorce trial. The judge asked why they wanted a divorce after having been married for nearly 70 years. They answered:" We wanted to wait, till after the kids had died".
One day Bin Laden went to a fortuneteller and asked her when will I die.  She replied: You will die on an American holiday.  So he asks which American holiday and she says it doesn’t matter.  When you die it will be an American holiday.
When a man with nine children was asked how he handled illness among his children, he said, "When the first born coughed or sneezed, I called the ambulance. When the last one swallowed a quarter, I told him that it was coming out of his allowance!"
A man goes into a bar and orders double bourbon. He takes a sip of the drink and says to the bartender: "I shouldn’t be drinking this with what I’ve got." The bartender says: "What have you got".  The man replies: "30 cents". 
 Q. What did the traffic light say to the other traffic light?  A. Don’t look now am changing! 
One night a husband and his wife were sleeping and suddenly the wife woke up. "Dear there’s a burglar eating the cake downstairs!” said the wife. "So should I call the police or the ambulance?” Said the husband 
When things go wrong, When sadness fill your heart, When tears flow in your eyes, Just let me know, Cause I want to be there for you, I am selling tissues,buy one get one free 
TEACHER: Alice, go to the map and find Australia ALiCE: Here it is! TEACHER: Now, class, who found Australia? CLASS: Alice!
One day a couple visited a marriage counselor about their children. The wife says to the marriage counselor "the only reason we are married because neither of us want custody of the children"
An elderly lady was sitting in a restaurant crying silently with tears collecting in a bowl of soup. Noticing this, the waiter walked over to her and politely said,"Lady that soup don't need no more salt".
Q: How do Eskimos have babies? A: They keep on rubbing their noses together until the little boogers come out. 
Q: What do college students and deer have in common? A: They both stand in the middle of the road and stare at your headlights.
Girl: You remind me of the sea. Boy:  Why? Because I'm so wild and romantic? Girl: No. You make me sick.
 Q. What do Eskimos get from sitting on ice?   A. Polaroids!
Q: How do Eskimos have babies? A: They keep on rubbing their noses together until the little boogers come out. 
 Q. What do Eskimos get from sitting on ice?   A. Polaroids!
 Q. Why did the student eat his homework?   A. His teacher said it was a piece of cake.
 Q.Why can’t you take a turkey to church????   A.Because he uses FOWL language!!!! 
 Mr. Marlow was strolling through the country when he saw a stable with the most beautiful horse he ever laid eyes on. It was seventeen hands high and white, with rippling muscles and a fine, flowing mane. Mr. Marlow struck a deal to buy it from the owner who did, however, pass on one key piece of information. "We are a religious family, Mr.Marlow, and we've instilled those values in our horse. To get him to gallop you must say 'Thanks God' to get him to stop you must say 'Our Father Who Art in Heaven," Settling into the saddle, Marlow said " Thanks God," and the animal took off. They rode for miles; suddenly they were coming up to a cliff. Unfortunately, Marlow couldn't remember the phrase to make the animal stop and tried every Biblical passage he could think of until, just a few feet from the edge of the cliff, he shouted, " Our Father Who Art in Heaven! The animal stopped instantly. Shaking and perspiring, Marlow reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief. "Thanks God," he said as he mopped his brow... 
One morning a wife told her husband that she had a dream of an angel telling her to wish anything three times will be granted to her on the spot. The husband laughed at her and said, "Don't be silly dear, nothing like that ever happened" The wife tried to insist that it was not an ordinary dream, it was just like a really angel speaking to her. "OK" said the husband "lets try this one. Lets have our house full of balls" Unbelievable, the room was full of balls hanging from everywhere, from the roof, the walls and on the floor. "My God" said the husband "I'm very sorry my dear, I shouldn't have ignored you on the first place. But you know, we have left with two more wishes” he continued, "But first lets get rid of these balls from the house" Then they started picking the balls but whenever they pick one the other comes over. They continued for hours and hours without any success until they all became exhausted. "Listen my dear" said the husband "Since we are left with two wishes, lets use one to clear the balls from the house and we will use the remaining one very wisely" "It is all right, since we have no other choice" replied the angry wife. "Let all the balls disappear from our house" wished the man. "Oh Lord!!" cried the man, "look here my wife, my balls have also gone" The wife looked at him and said "Don't worry dear, we still have one wish left, just wish for your balls to come back!"
One morning a wife told her husband that she had a dream of an angel telling her to wish anything three times will be granted to her on the spot. The husband laughed at her and said, "Don't be silly dear, nothing like that ever happened" The wife tried to insist that it was not an ordinary dream, it was just like a really angel speaking to her. "OK" said the husband "lets try this one. Lets have our house full of balls" Unbelievable, the room was full of balls hanging from everywhere, from the roof, the walls and on the floor. "My God" said the husband "I'm very sorry my dear, I shouldn't have ignored you on the first place. But you know, we have left with two more wishes” he continued, "But first lets get rid of these balls from the house" Then they started picking the balls but whenever they pick one the other comes over. They continued for hours and hours without any success until they all became exhausted. "Listen my dear" said the husband "Since we are left with two wishes, lets use one to clear the balls from the house and we will use the remaining one very wisely" "It is all right, since we have no other choice" replied the angry wife. "Let all the balls disappear from our house" wished the man. "Oh Lord!!" cried the man, "look here my wife, my balls have also gone" The wife looked at him and said "Don't worry dear, we still have one wish left, just wish for your balls to come back!"
Q. What do witches put on their hair when they are going out???? A. Scare-spray
Q: Where did Santa Claus went on his summer vacation A: At ho ho Holland 
Q. What do you call a lady with one leg shorter than the other??  A. "I - lean"  
Bill and Hillary Clinton go to a Yankees game together. They had VIP seats in the first row. All of a sudden, a secret service agent comes up to Bill and whispers in his ear. A few seconds later, Bill grabs Hillary and throws her out onto the field! The SS agent comes running back to Bill and says, "Mr. President, sir, I think you misunderstood me. I said throw out the first pitch."
This man goes to the bakery and asks the woman for $100.00 of white bread.  The sales woman tells him that it's going to get hard.  “So he asks for $2,000 worth” .
Q: How many men does it take to change a toilet paper roll? A: No one knows, it's never been done.
Confusius say,"Man who stands on toilet is high on pot."
Q. Why are fish so smart?  A. Because there always in schools......
 Q. Why did the skeleton run up the tree?  A. Because a dog was after his bones!
Q: Where did Santa Claus went on his summer vacation A: At ho ho Holland 
Q. What did the snail say when he hitched a ride on the turtle? A. Wheeeee!!!!!
Q. What do witches put on their hair when they are going out???? A. Scare-spray
Customer: Waiter, Waiter, “what’s this fly doing in my soup? Waiter: “Looks like the backstroke  sir” 
There are two bats in a cave and one says to the other "I could do with some blood right now" the other said, "Me too but its almost sunrise".  The first one said, "Wait here" he flies off and comes back with a mouth full of blood. The 2nd bat says, "Hey where'd ya get that blood from?" The other replies, "Ya see that tree over there?" "Yeah" "Well I didn't" The 2nd bat looks puzzled and says, "What’s that got to do with blood?" The first one rolls his eyes and flies off. 
Two fleas were walking out of the cinema when they discovered it was raining hard. "Shall we walk?" said one flea. "No," said the other, " lets take a dog."
Two little skunks called In and Out were playing in the woods. Out went home, and his mother said, "Where's In?, go and get him, there's a good boy." So Out went back into the woods and returned shortly with his brother. "That's a good boy," said Mother skunk, "How did you find him so quickly?"  "Easy," said the little skunk, "In stinked ...."
One man asks another "How old is your wife?" "She's approaching thirty." "From which direction?"
One kid asks the other Q:"How old is your grandfather?" A:"I don't know but we've had him for a long time."
"I don't think my mom knows much about children." "Why do you say that?" "Because she always puts me to bed when I am wide awake  and gets me up when I am sleepy."
A man traveling at 130 mph on the interstate was stopped by highway police. "Sorry, officer" said the driver, "was I driving too fast?" "No, sir. You were flying too low."
Q: There were two cats, one called One-two-three and one called Un-deux-trois. One day they decided to have a race across the English Channel. Which cat won??? A: One-two-three won, because the Un-deux-trois-quatre-cinq!!! (Cat-Sank, it's French!!!) 
Q. What do you call a ginger bread man with one leg?  A. Limp biscuit 
about 3:30 in the morning, a wife wakes up to find she is alone in the bed and she can hear her husband crying uncontrollably.  She gets up and starts to look for him.  He's not in the bathroom, living room, or in the kitchen.  As she passes the laundry room, she hears his faint sniffels coming from the basement.  She turns on the light and goes downstairs to find him.  Finally, she finds him huddled in the corner, rolled up into a ball, and crying hysterically.  She runs over to him and asks why he is crying.  He says, "Do you remember when we got married twenty (20) years ago?"  She looks at him and says, "yes".  He says, "well, a couple of months before, your dad said that I could marry you or go to jail."  She says, "I already know that.  I don't see what the problem is."  He says, " don't you see!!!  I would have gotten out today!"
There are two bats in a cave and one says to the other "I could do with some blood right now" the other said, "Me too but its almost sunrise".  The first one said, "Wait here" he flies off and comes back with a mouth full of blood. The 2nd bat says, "Hey where'd ya get that blood from?" The other replies, "Ya see that tree over there?" "Yeah" "Well I didn't" The 2nd bat looks puzzled and says, "What’s that got to do with blood?" The first one rolls his eyes and flies off. 
I stopped a drunk driver, and asked him to walk the white line. He said I’m not drunk. I'll walk that wire fence over there. I said ok, and he climbed onto the fence took a couple steps, and fell inside the fence. A large bull with huge horns butted him, he grabbed the horns, and they went around for several minutes. The bull finally threw him into the road, and he got up looked at me and said, "See I told you I wasn't drunk if I was I would have taken that bicycle away from that fellow".
Q. What do you call a fish with no eye? A. A fsh
Q. Who were the first people on Earth ? A. The Indians they had A Reservation. 
about 3:30 in the morning, a wife wakes up to find she is alone in the bed and she can hear her husband crying uncontrollably.  She gets up and starts to look for him.  He's not in the bathroom, living room, or in the kitchen.  As she passes the laundry room, she hears his faint sniffels coming from the basement.  She turns on the light and goes downstairs to find him.  Finally, she finds him huddled in the corner, rolled up into a ball, and crying hysterically.  She runs over to him and asks why he is crying.  He says, "Do you remember when we got married twenty (20) years ago?"  She looks at him and says, "yes".  He says, "well, a couple of months before, your dad said that I could marry you or go to jail."  She says, "I already know that.  I don't see what the problem is."  He says, " don't you see!!!  I would have gotten out today!"
Q. What do you call a ginger bread man with one leg?  A. Limp biscuit 
There were two cows standing in the field, one cow says to the other: "boy that mad cow disease has got me worried" the other cow says I'm not worried, I'm a penguin"
A family was having dinner and the little boy said,"Dad I don't like the  holes in the cheese!" Well son, eat the cheese and leave the holes on the  side of the plate.
HR Heaven and Hell  One day while walking down the street a highly successful HR Director was tragically hit by a bus and she died. Her soul arrived up in heaven where she was met at the Pearly Gates by St. Peter himself.  "Welcome to Heaven," said St. Peter. "Before you get settled in though, it seems we have a problem. You see, strangely enough, we've never once had a Human Resources Director make it this far and we're not really sure what to do with you."  "No problem, just let me in," said the woman. "Well, I'd like to," replied St. Peter, "but I have higher orders. What we're going to do is let you have a day in Hell and a day in Heaven and then you can choose whichever one you want to spend an eternity in."  "Actually, I think I've made up my mind, I prefer to stay in Heaven," said the woman.  "Sorry, we have rules..." And with that St. Peter put the executive in an elevator and it went down-down-down to hell. The doors opened and she found herself stepping out onto the putting green of a beautiful golf course. In the distance was a country club and standing in front of her were all her friends - fellow executives that she had worked with and they were all dressed in evening gowns and cheering for her. They ran up and kissed her on both cheeks and they talked about old times. They played an excellent round of golf and at night went to the country club where she enjoyed an excellent steak and lobster dinner. She met the Devil who was actually a really nice guy (kinda cute) and she had a great time telling jokes and dancing. She was having such a good time that before she knew it, it was time to leave. Everybody shook her hand and waved good-bye as she got on the elevator. The elevator went up-up-up and opened back up at the Pearly Gates and she found St. Peter waiting for her.  "Now it's time to spend a day in heaven," he said. So she spent the next 24 hours lounging around on clouds and playing the harp and singing. She had a great time and before she knew it her 24 hours were up and St. Peter came and got her. "So, you've spent a day in hell and you've spent a day in heaven. Now you must choose your eternity," he said. The woman paused for a second and then replied, "Well, I never thought I'd say this, I mean, Heaven has been really great and all, but I think I had a better time in Hell." So St. Peter escorted her to the elevator and again she went down-down-down back to Hell.  When the doors of the elevator opened she found herself standing in a desolate wasteland covered in garbage and filth. She saw her friends were dressed in rags and were picking up the garbage and putting it in sacks. The Devil came up to her and put his arm around her.  "I don't understand," stammered the woman, "yesterday I was here and there was a golf course and a country club and we ate lobster and we danced and had a great time. Now all there is, is a wasteland of garbage and all my friends look miserable."  The Devil looked at her and smiled. "Yesterday we were recruiting you, today you're staff..."  
A lawyer defending a man accused of burglary tried a creative defense to get his client off the hook.  "My client merely inserted his arm into the window and removed a few paltry items.  His arm is not himself, so I fail to see how you can punish the whole individual for an offense committed soley by his arm." "Well put," the judge replied with a grin.  "Using that same logic, I sentence the defendant's arm to one year's imprisonment.  Your client can accompany the arm or not, as he chooses." The defendant smiled.  With his lawyer's help, he detatched his artificial limb, laid it on the bench and walked out. 
There were 2 men at a bar, the first man said to the other one, "I know a bridge where you can jump off and return safely." The other man who was shocked asked the man to show it to him. After they finished their drinks the second man asked him to demonstrate, so the first man jumped off the bridge and flew back. The second man dumbfounded decided why not give it a try. He jumped off and died. When the first man went back to the bar the bartender said, "Superman you are so cruel when you are drunk!"
It is truly said that children brighten a home - they never turn the lights off.
"I am not at all satisfied with the evidence against you," said the magistrate to the prisoner on trial, "so I shall find you not guilty. You are discharged."   "Oh, good," said the prisoner, "Does that mean that I can keep the money?"
One man asks another "How old is your wife?" "She's approaching thirty." "From which direction?"
A man traveling at 130 mph on the interstate was stopped by highway police. "Sorry, officer" said the driver, "was I driving too fast?" "No, sir. You were flying too low."
Two fleas were walking out of the cinema when they discovered it was raining hard. "Shall we walk?" said one flea. "No," said the other, " lets take a dog."
Two little skunks called In and Out were playing in the woods. Out went home, and his mother said, "Where's In?, go and get him, there's a good boy." So Out went back into the woods and returned shortly with his brother. "That's a good boy," said Mother skunk, "How did you find him so quickly?"  "Easy," said the little skunk, "In stinked ...."
One kid asks the other Q:"How old is your grandfather?" A:"I don't know but we've had him for a long time."
It is truly said that children brighten a home - they never turn the lights off.
"I don't think my mom knows much about children." "Why do you say that?" "Because she always puts me to bed when I am wide awake  and gets me up when I am sleepy."
This guy runs into a bar and asks the bartender for a glass of water.  The bartender ignores him, and instead, pulls out a pistol, stating that they don't serve water.  The guy, then says thanks a lot, and then leaves.  The customers, baffled and confused, then asked the bartender why the guy had told him thanks.  The bartender then replied, " Easy, he had the hiccups".
A man who's wife was pregnant couldn't bear to be in the delivery room at the time of the birth. So he thought he'd ring up later to see if it had come yet. He rang up and the nurse said "it's a girl but theres another one on the way" he rang again later and the nurse said "it's another girl but there's another coming" he rang once more and the nurse said " it's a boy but there's another coming" He couldn't stand it any more so he went to the pub and got drunk. An hour later he was really nervous. He was dialling the hospital, hands shaking, and accidently dialled the sports line. he asked " how many did we get mate" the person said "198 all out.... and the last one was a duck"
You know it is time to reassess your relationship with  your computer when....  1. You wake up at 4 O'clock in the morning to go to the bathroom and  stop to check your email on the way back to bed.  2. You turn off your computer and get an awful empty feeling, as if  you just pulled the plug on a loved one.  3. You decide to stay in college for an additional year or two, just  for the free internet access.  4. You laugh at people with 28.8 modems.  5. You start using smileys :-) in your snail mail.  6. You find yourself typing "com" after every period when using a word  processor.com  7. You can't correspond with your mother because she doesn't have a  computer.  8. When your email box shows "no new messages" and you feel really  depressed.  9. You don't know the gender of your three closest friends because they  have nondescript screen name and you never bothered to ask.  10. You move into a new house and you decide to "Netscape" before you  landscape.  11. Your family always knows where you are.  12. In real life conversations, you don't laugh, you just say "LOL, LOL".  13. After reading this message, you immediately forward it to a friend! 
A married couple rushed to the hospital because the woman was in labor the doctor asked the couple, "I have invented a new machine that you might want to try, it takes some of the labor pains away from the mother and gives it to the father." So the married couple decided that they would try this. So the doctor hooked the machine up and put it on 10% of pain switched from the mother to the father and the husband said "I feel okay turn it up a lot more" so the doctor turned it up to 50% and the husband said "why don’t you just put it all on me cause I’m not feeling a thing" but the doctor warned them "this much could kill you if your not prepared", and the husband replied "I am ready "so the doctor turned the machine up to 100% but the husband didn’t fell a thing so they went home happy with a pain free labor, but when they got home the mailman was dead on the front porch!
The following is a true story.  Following a miserable year, the CEO of a company called all the Project Managers for a performance review meeting.  After giving them a piece of his mind, he asked each Manager to present his/her case.  One of the Managers gave a long winding speech of excuses on his Project’s performance over which the CEO got irritated and yelled “Just tell me Yes or No”.  The Manager coolly said “Yes or No” and sat down! 
A small piece of rope climbed onto a barstool. The bartender said he did not    serve rope in his bar, and tossed it out to the street. The rope asked a passerby to tie him into a knot, and then ruffle both ends. The rope went back into the bar, the bartender looked down at him and said,  "Hey aren’t you that same piece of rope I just tossed out?" the rope responded: no sir “I am a frayed knot.”  
After Florida coach Steve Spurrior passes away and enters the Pearly Gates, God takes him on a tour. He shows Steve a little 2-bedroom house with a faded UF banner hanging from the front porch. "This is your home, Coach. Most people don't get their own house up here," God exclaims.   Little Steve looks at the house, then turns around and looks at the one sitting on the top of the hill. It's a huge two-story mansion with white marble columns and little patios under all of the windows. LSU flags line both sides of the sidewalk with a huge purple and gold LSU banner hanging between the marble columns.   "Thanks for the home, God, but let me ask you a question. I get this little 2 bedroom house with a faded Florida banner, and Nick Saban gets a mansion with new LSU banners and flags flying all over the place. Why is that?"   God looks at him seriously for a moment and then replies, "That's not Saban’s house, that's mine!!!!!" 
Q.Why was 6 affraid of 7? A.Because 7,8,9 (7 ate 9)
What game do 18 dogs like to play during the summer?  Woofleball
Q. Why do bakers work so hard? A. Because they need the dough
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple?  Half a worm.
A policeman spots a woman driving and knitting at the same time.  Driving up beside her, he says, "Pull over!" "No," she shouts back, "a pair of socks!"
A policeman spots a woman driving and knitting at the same time.  Driving up beside her, he says, "Pull over!" "No," she shouts back, "a pair of socks!"
A Yankee lawyer went duck hunting in eastern North Carolina. He shot and dropped a bird, but it fell into a farmer's field on the other side of a fence. As the lawyer climbed over the fence, an elderly gentleman asked him what he was doing. The lawyer responded, "I shot a duck and it fell in this field, I'm going into retrieve it."  The old farmer replied. "This is my property, and you are not coming over here."  The indignant lawyer said, "I am one of the best trial attorneys in the U.S. and, if you don't let me get that duck, I'll sue you and take everything!  The old farmer smiled and said, "Apparently, you don't know how we do things here in North Carolina. We settle small disagreements like this with the NC Three-Kick Rule."  The lawyer asked, "What is the NC three-Kick Rule?"  The Farmer replied. "Well, first I kick you three times and then you kick me three times, and so on, back and forth, until someone gives up."  The Yankee attorney quickly thought about the proposed contest and decided that he could easily take the old southerner. He agreed to abide by the local custom.  The old farmer slowly climbed down from the tractor and walked up to the city feller. His first kick planted the toe of his heavy work boot into the Yankee lawyer's groin and dropped him to his knees. His second kick nearly wiped the man's nose off his face. The barrister was flat on his belly when the farmer's third kick to a kidney nearly caused him to give up.  The Yankee lawyer summoned every bit of his will and managed to get to his feet and said, "Okay, you old redneck southerner, now it's my turn."  The old North Carolina farmer smiled and said, "Now, I give up. You can have the duck." 
A perplexed Antartian female runs into a local police station. "Somebody has stolen my car!!" she proclaims loudly. The officer at the desk replies, "Settle down ma’am. Everything is going to be o.k. Now, did you get a description of the suspect?" "No", the young Antartian replies. "But I did get the license plate number."
So the bus driver said to the string, "Are you a string?" and the string said, "No, I'm afraid not". (A frayed knot).
So the bus driver said to the string, "Are you a string?" and the string said, "No, I'm afraid not". (A frayed knot).
A 17 year-old Antartican boy was hired to paint a white line down the middle of the highway. On the first day, he got off to a good start and he painted a white line 7 miles long. The next day, however, he painted a line only 4 miles long. On the third day, he was down to less than a mile. Finally, his friend Max asked him why he was doing less each day. The boy replied, "I guess it takes me longer and longer to get back to the bucket each day."
Two guys met in the middle of the desert.  One was carrying a car door, the other an umbrella.  The one with the car door said to the guy with the umbrella, "Why are you carrying that umbrella around, it isn't going to rain in the desert?"  To which the guy with the umbrella replies, "Yeah”, but it keeps me out of the sun! By the way, why are you carrying around that car door, you don’t even have a car to go with it” The guy with the car door says, "yeah, well at least if I get too hot from the sun I can just roll down the window!"
Two guys met in the middle of the desert.  One was carrying a car door, the other an umbrella.  The one with the car door said to the guy with the umbrella, "Why are you carrying that umbrella around, it isn't going to rain in the desert?"  To which the guy with the umbrella replies, "Yeah”, but it keeps me out of the sun! By the way, why are you carrying around that car door, you don’t even have a car to go with it” The guy with the car door says, "yeah, well at least if I get too hot from the sun I can just roll down the window!"
Q: What do you call a line of rabbits walking backwards? A: A receding hairline!
Mike Tyson's new slogans:  If you can't Fight Them ! Bite Them !  If you can't Beat Them ! Eat Them !
Phil had just joined a club after his friend had recommended it (being a member for quite some time). They were sitting at the bar having their beers when someone yelled "21" and there was a small uproar of laughter. A few minutes later someone else yelled "34" and another roar of laughter rose up. Phil, confused about this asked his friend "Why is everyone laughing at the numbers being called out" His friend said, well we've been telling the same jokes for so many years that we just numbered them all and if you want to tell a joke you just call out a number" Phil nodded and said "Can I try?" His friend nodded and Phil called out "121" and everyone in the club roared with laughter and it didn't die down for at least another 15 minutes after. "Why did everyone laugh so hard at that joke?" Phil asked. His friend said with a small chuckle "We haven't heard that one before." 
After a quarrel, a wife said to her husband, "You know, I was a fool when I married you."  And the husband replied, "Yes, dear, but I was in love and didn't notice it."
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?"   The father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying for it."
A man was in a hurry to meet his friend down at the nearby lake. On the way down there, he was stopped by a man fully dressed in red. The man pulled over, and the red man asked, "Hi, I'm the red jerk of the highway. Have anything to eat?" The man smiled and handed him a sandwich. He continued down the highway and was yet again pulled over by a man fully dressed in green. He stopped and the guy in green said, "Hi, I'm the green jerk of the highway. Have anything to drink?" Without smiling, the man handed the green guy his coke. He started off again and started to speed down the highway. Yet again he was stopped by a guy fully dressed in blue. Sighing, he pulled over and pulled down his window, leant out and said, "Let me guess. You're the blue jerk of the highway. What do you want?" "Registration and license please" came the reply.
A man was in a hurry to meet his friend down at the nearby lake. On the way down there, he was stopped by a man fully dressed in red. The man pulled over, and the red man asked, "Hi, I'm the red jerk of the highway. Have anything to eat?" The man smiled and handed him a sandwich. He continued down the highway and was yet again pulled over by a man fully dressed in green. He stopped and the guy in green said, "Hi, I'm the green jerk of the highway. Have anything to drink?" Without smiling, the man handed the green guy his coke. He started off again and started to speed down the highway. Yet again he was stopped by a guy fully dressed in blue. Sighing, he pulled over and pulled down his window, leant out and said, "Let me guess. You're the blue jerk of the highway. What do you want?" "Registration and license please" came the reply.
Speed Trap  A Police officer had been told by his sergeant that he was to bring up his quota of speeding fines, he decided to park and use his radar gun flashing the cars as they drove by on a busy street.  Well one hour went by then two and no one was speeding. After about six hours a lone car came speeding by at well over the limit, the officer turned on his lights and siren and pulled the car over. As the officer approached the drivers window he remarked "I've been waiting for you all day" and the driver replied, "Well I got here as fast as I could" 
Speed Trap  A Police officer had been told by his sergeant that he was to bring up his quota of speeding fines, he decided to park and use his radar gun flashing the cars as they drove by on a busy street.  Well one hour went by then two and no one was speeding. After about six hours a lone car came speeding by at well over the limit, the officer turned on his lights and siren and pulled the car over. As the officer approached the drivers window he remarked "I've been waiting for you all day" and the driver replied, "Well I got here as fast as I could" 
An Antartian was running back and forth from his computer and his mailbox. Then the mailman came up to him and asked him what he was doing. He replied, "My dumb computer keeps saying 'you've got mail'."
There were two strangers sitting in a bar, one says to the other. "Psst, wanna see somethin'?" The other man shrugged and agreed. The first man pointed to an object covered by a cloth. "Look under that cloth but DO NOT take it off. So the man walks over to the object that is quite large and peeks under it. However, when he saw what was under it he screamed and accidentally pulled the cloth off. It was a one eyed purple monster! The man was so scared he took off in his car. The monster was hot on his trail. He drove to the airport and on the plane he felt safe but he looked into the ocean and the monster was swimming after him to Africa! When he got there he ran off the plane without his luggage. He couldn't run anymore and the monster was coming closer. He could feel it's hot breath. He stopped and the monsters big hand reached down. The man knew this was his last day when he heard in a growling voice as an impact hit him, YOUR IT! And the monster ran away. 
Six guys were playing poker when Smith loses $500 on a single hand, clutches his chest and drops dead at the table. Showing respect for their fallen comrade, the other five complete their playing time standing up. Roberts looks around and asks, "Now, who is going to tell the wife?" They draw straws. Rippington, who is always a loser, picks the short one. They tell him to be discreet, be gentle, don't make a bad situation any worse than it is. "Gentlemen! Discreet? I'm the most discreet man you will ever meet. Discretion is my middle name, leave it to me." Rippington walks over to the Smith house, knocks on the door, the wife answers, and asks what he wants. Rippington says, "Your husband just lost $500 playing cards." She hollers, "TELL HIM TO DROP DEAD!" Rippington says, "I'll tell him.
The manager of a large office asked a new employee to come into his office. "What is your name?," was the first thing the manager asked. "John," the new guy replied. The manager scowled. "Look, I don't know what kind of a namby-pamby place you worked at before, but I don't call anyone by their first name! It breeds familiarity and that leads to a breakdown in authority," he said. "I refer to my employees by their last name only - Smith, Jones, Baker - that's all. Now that we got that straight, what is your last name?" The new guy sighed and said, "Darling. My name is John Darling." The manager said, "Okay, John, the next thing I want to tell you..." 
There were three Indian squaws. One slept on a deerskin, one slept on an elk skin and the third slept on a hippopotamus skin. All three became pregnant and the first two each had a baby boy. The one who slept on the hippopotamus skin had twin boys. This goes to prove that the squaw of the hippopotamus is equal to the sons of the squaws of the other two hides.
A man left home one morning. He turned right and ran straight ahead. Then he turned left. After awhile, he turned left again, running faster than ever. Then he turned left once more and decided to go home. In the distance he could see two masked men waiting for him. Who were they?  The umpire and the catcher, it was a baseball game!
A man left home one morning. He turned right and ran straight ahead. Then he turned left. After awhile, he turned left again, running faster than ever. Then he turned left once more and decided to go home. In the distance he could see two masked men waiting for him. Who were they?  The umpire and the catcher, it was a baseball game!
A guy runs into the bar and says, "Quick, pour me 5 shots of your best scotch." The bartender pours them and the man drinks them as fast as he can. "Wow that's the fastest I've seen anyone drink," says the bartender. "Well you'd drink that fast if you had what I had," The man says "Oh my god," the bartender says, "What do you have?" The man replies "50 cents."
A guy runs into the bar and says, "Quick, pour me 5 shots of your best scotch." The bartender pours them and the man drinks them as fast as he can. "Wow that's the fastest I've seen anyone drink," says the bartender. "Well you'd drink that fast if you had what I had," The man says "Oh my god," the bartender says, "What do you have?" The man replies "50 cents."
How do fireflies lose weight?  They burn calories.
Q: What can you catch but not throw?  A cold.
The Old Man and the Sea A seaman meets a pirate in a bar, and they take turns to tell their adventures on the seas. The seaman notes that the pirate has a peg leg, hook, and an eye patch. Curious, the seaman asks "So, how did you end up with the peg-leg?"  The pirate replies "I was swept overboard into a school of sharks. Just as my men were pulling me out, a shark bit my leg off".  "Wow!" said the seaman. "What about the hook"?  "Well...", replied the pirate, "We were boarding an enemy ship and were battling the other sailors with swords. One of the enemy cut my hand clean off."  "Incredible!" remarked the seaman. "How did you get the eye patch"?  "A seagull dropping fell into my eye", replied the pirate.  "You lost your eye to a seagull dropping?" the sailor asked.  "Well..." said the pirate, "That was my first day with the hook." 
A little girl was talking to her teacher about whales. The teacher said it was physically impossible for a whale to swallow a human because even though a whale is a very large mammal, its throat is very small. The little girl stated that Jonah was swallowed by a whale. The teacher reiterated that a whale could not swallow a human, it was impossible. The little girl said, "When I get to heaven I will ask Jonah".  The teacher asked, "What if Jonah went to hell?"  The little girl replied, "Then you ask him!"
Q: What did the emu say to the nurse?  A: Mend her bones or walk the plank
Q. What animal has more lives than a cat?  A. A frog, because he croaks every night.
One day Mr. Jones was playing golf and died of an heart attack. Nobody wanted to tell Mrs. Jones. When Mrs. Jones got worried one of his friends told her that he lost 5,000 dollars playing poker. Mrs. Jones said he probably dropped dead. Funny you should mention that said his friend.
One day Mr. Jones was playing golf and died of an heart attack. Nobody wanted to tell Mrs. Jones. When Mrs. Jones got worried one of his friends told her that he lost 5,000 dollars playing poker. Mrs. Jones said he probably dropped dead. Funny you should mention that said his friend.
A man was pulled over for speeding down the highway; the officer came to the driver’s window and asked, "Sir, may I see your driver’s license and registration?" The man said, "Well officer I don't have a license, it was taken away for a DUI." The officer, in surprise, said," What, do you have a registration for the vehicle?" So the man replied, "No sir, the car is not mine I stole it, but I am pretty sure I saw a registration card in the glove box when I put the gun in it." The officer stepped back, "There is a gun in the glove box?!?" The man sighed and said, "Yes sir, I used it to kill the woman who owns the car before I stuffed her in the trunk." The officer steps toward the back of the car and says," Sir do not move, I am calling for backup." The officer calls for backup and about ten minutes another highway patrolman arrives. He walks up to the window slowly and asks the man for his driver’s license and registration. The man said," Yes officer here it's right here." It all checked out so the officer said," Is there a gun in the glove box sir?" The man laughs and says," No officer why would there be a gun in the glove box." He opened the glove box and showed him that there was no gun. The second officer asked him to open the trunk because he had reason to believe that there was a body in it. The man agrees and opens the trunk, no dead body. The second officer says, "Sir I do not understand, the officer that pulled you over said that you did not have a license, the car was stolen, there was a gun in the glove box, and a dead body in the trunk." The man looks the officer in the eyes and says, "Yeah and I'll bet he said I was speeding too."
A drunk walks into a bar and says to the bartender "Hey bartender. If I show you a trick will you give me a free drink?" The bartender says "sure" and the drunk pulls a frog out of his pocket and sets it down on the table. The frog then plays the best jazz the bartender heard in years and he gives the drunk his free drink. The drunk says " hey bartender. If I show you another trick will you give me another free drink?" The bartender says "If it's anything like the trick you just showed me, you can drink the rest of the night for free." So the drunk pulls a rat out of his pocket and the rat starts singing. The bartender starts pouring drinks for the drunk as fast as the drunk could drink them. Two hours later, an agent walks into a bar and sees the frog and the rat. He walks up to the bartender and says "That's the greatest act I've seen in years. Who owns that act?" The bartender points to the drunk who's passed out on the floor and says "He does." The agent wakes the drunk and says" That's the greatest act I’ve seen in years. I'll give you $100,000 for that act." The drunk says "There not for sale." "Ok," the agent says "then I'll give you $50,000 for the singing rat." "It's a deal" the drunk says so the agent gives him the money and leaves with the rat. "I can't believe you! You had a million dollar rat there you just passed it up for a measly 50 grand" The bartender yells. "Relax," said the drunk, "The frogs a ventriloquist."
A drunk walks into a bar and says to the bartender "Hey bartender. If I show you a trick will you give me a free drink?" The bartender says "sure" and the drunk pulls a frog out of his pocket and sets it down on the table. The frog then plays the best jazz the bartender heard in years and he gives the drunk his free drink. The drunk says " hey bartender. If I show you another trick will you give me another free drink?" The bartender says "If it's anything like the trick you just showed me, you can drink the rest of the night for free." So the drunk pulls a rat out of his pocket and the rat starts singing. The bartender starts pouring drinks for the drunk as fast as the drunk could drink them. Two hours later, an agent walks into a bar and sees the frog and the rat. He walks up to the bartender and says "That's the greatest act I've seen in years. Who owns that act?" The bartender points to the drunk who's passed out on the floor and says "He does." The agent wakes the drunk and says" That's the greatest act I’ve seen in years. I'll give you $100,000 for that act." The drunk says "There not for sale." "Ok," the agent says "then I'll give you $50,000 for the singing rat." "It's a deal" the drunk says so the agent gives him the money and leaves with the rat. "I can't believe you! You had a million dollar rat there you just passed it up for a measly 50 grand" The bartender yells. "Relax," said the drunk, "The frogs a ventriloquist."
A brilliant young boy was applying for a job with the railways. The interviewer asked him: "Do you know how to use the equipment?" "Yes", the boy replied. "Then what would you do if you realized that 2 trains, one from this station and one from the next were going to crash because they were on the same track?" The young applicant thought and replied "I'd press the button to change the points without hesitation." "What if the button was frozen and wouldn't work?" "I'd run outside and pull the lever to change the points manually" "And if the lever was broken?" "I'd get on the phone to the next station and tell them to change the points," he replied. "And if the phone was broken and needed an electrician to fix it?" The boy thought about that one. "I'd run into town and get my uncle" "Is your uncle an electrician?" "No, but he's never seen a train crash before!"
One day a duck went into a hardware store and asked the owner for some duck food. The owner looked at him funny, and said, This is a hardware store and we don’t carry duck food." The next day the duck came back to the hardware store an again asked the owner for some duck food. The owner, disturbed that the duck came back, said, I told you yesterday. This is a hardware store; we do not have any duck food! If you come back and ask for duck food again I will cement your feet in the ground!" So the next say the duck came back again and said, Do you have any cement?" "No, said the storeowner. Then, the duck said, Do you have any duck food?"
One day a duck went into a hardware store and asked the owner for some duck food. The owner looked at him funny, and said, This is a hardware store and we don’t carry duck food." The next day the duck came back to the hardware store an again asked the owner for some duck food. The owner, disturbed that the duck came back, said, I told you yesterday. This is a hardware store; we do not have any duck food! If you come back and ask for duck food again I will cement your feet in the ground!" So the next say the duck came back again and said, Do you have any cement?" "No, said the storeowner. Then, the duck said, Do you have any duck food?"
What do you call a tube with a degree? A graduated cylinder.
What do you call a tube with a degree? A graduated cylinder.
There were three Antartians on their way to Disneyworld. Upon getting close while driving on the highway, they saw a sign that said Disneyworld LEFT. So they turned back and went home.
Angus and Jack were two old Inibrians. Angus was dying and asked Jack, "When I am gone Jack, for old times sake, will you pour a bottle of whisky over my grave?" Jack replied, "Sure, I'll do that as long as you don't mind if it goes through my kidneys first."
Where does Ice Cream go to school?  Answer: Sundae School.
Where does Ice Cream go to school?  Answer: Sundae School.
Q-What did the tie say to the hat?  A-You go on ahead while I hang around.
A young man was walking through a supermarket to pick up a few things when he noticed an old lady following him around. Thinking nothing of it, he ignored her and continued on. Finally he went to the checkout line, but she got in front of him. "Pardon me," she said, "I'm sorry if my staring at you has made you feel uncomfortable. It's just that you look just like my son, who just died recently." "I'm very sorry," replied the young man, "is there anything I can do for you?" "Yes," she said, "As I'm leaving, can you say 'Good bye, Mother'? It would make me feel so much better." "Sure," answered the young man.  As the old woman was leaving, he called out, "Goodbye, Mother!" As he stepped up to the checkout counter, he saw that his total was $127.50. "How can that be?" He asked, "I only purchased a few things!" "Your mother said that you would pay for her," said the clerk.
A young man was walking through a supermarket to pick up a few things when he noticed an old lady following him around. Thinking nothing of it, he ignored her and continued on. Finally he went to the checkout line, but she got in front of him. "Pardon me," she said, "I'm sorry if my staring at you has made you feel uncomfortable. It's just that you look just like my son, who just died recently." "I'm very sorry," replied the young man, "is there anything I can do for you?" "Yes," she said, "As I'm leaving, can you say 'Good bye, Mother'? It would make me feel so much better." "Sure," answered the young man.  As the old woman was leaving, he called out, "Goodbye, Mother!" As he stepped up to the checkout counter, he saw that his total was $127.50. "How can that be?" He asked, "I only purchased a few things!" "Your mother said that you would pay for her," said the clerk.
A man walks into a doctor’s office with a stick of celery in one ear, a carrot in the other and a grape up his nose. Confused, the man asks: "Doctor what's wrong with me?" The doctor looks at the man and replies: "You're not eating properly!"
A man walks into a doctor’s office with a stick of celery in one ear, a carrot in the other and a grape up his nose. Confused, the man asks: "Doctor what's wrong with me?" The doctor looks at the man and replies: "You're not eating properly!"
A city slicker moves to the country and decides he's going to take up farming. He heads to the local co-op and tells the man, "Give me 100 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. A week later the man returns and says, "Give me 200 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. Again, a week later the man returns. This time he says, "Give me 500 baby chickens." "Wow!" the co-op man replies. "You must really be doing well!" "Naw," said the man with a sigh. "I'm either planting them too deep or too far apart!"
A city slicker moves to the country and decides he's going to take up farming. He heads to the local co-op and tells the man, "Give me 100 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. A week later the man returns and says, "Give me 200 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. Again, a week later the man returns. This time he says, "Give me 500 baby chickens." "Wow!" the co-op man replies. "You must really be doing well!" "Naw," said the man with a sigh. "I'm either planting them too deep or too far apart!"
A circus owner walked into a bar to see everyone crowded around a table watching a little show. On the table was an upside down pot and a duck tap dancing on it. The circus owner was so impressed that he offered to buy the duck from its owner. After some wheeling and dealing they settled for $10,000 for the duck and the pot.   Three days later the circus owner runs back to the bar in anger, "Your duck is a rip-off! I put him on the pot before a whole audience and he didn't dance a single step!"  "So?" asked the duck's former owner, "did you remember to light the candle under the pot?"
The only thing wrong with a perfect drive to work is that you end up at work.
The only thing wrong with a perfect drive to work is that you end up at work.
Dear Son,  Your Pa has a new job. The first in 48 years. We are a little better, off now, getting $17.96 every Thursday. So we up and thought we'd do a little fixin’ up. We sent to Rosemont and Seasbuck for one of them there bathrooms you hear so much about and it took a plumber to put it in shape. On one side of the room is a great big long thing, something like the hogs drink out of, only you get in it and wash all over. Over on the other side is a little white thing called a sink, this is for light washing, like face and hands, but over in the other corner we really got something. There you put one foot in, wash it clean, pull a chain and get fresh water for the other foot. Two lids come with the darn thing and we ain't had any use for them in the bathroom, so I'm using one for a bread board and the other we framed grandmother's picture in. They were awful nice people to deal with and they sent us a roll of writing paper with it. Take care of yourself son.  Your Maw
Dear Son,  Your Pa has a new job. The first in 48 years. We are a little better, off now, getting $17.96 every Thursday. So we up and thought we'd do a little fixin’ up. We sent to Rosemont and Seasbuck for one of them there bathrooms you hear so much about and it took a plumber to put it in shape. On one side of the room is a great big long thing, something like the hogs drink out of, only you get in it and wash all over. Over on the other side is a little white thing called a sink, this is for light washing, like face and hands, but over in the other corner we really got something. There you put one foot in, wash it clean, pull a chain and get fresh water for the other foot. Two lids come with the darn thing and we ain't had any use for them in the bathroom, so I'm using one for a bread board and the other we framed grandmother's picture in. They were awful nice people to deal with and they sent us a roll of writing paper with it. Take care of yourself son.  Your Maw
An employee comes into her manager’s office to take a day off from work. The manager replies, "So you want a day off. Let's take a look at what you are asking for. There are 365 days per year available for work. There are 52 weeks per year in which you already have 2 days off per week, leaving 261 days available for work. Since you spend 16 hours each day away from work, you have used up 170 days, leaving only 91 days available. You spend 30 minutes each day on coffee break, which counts for 23 days each year, leaving only 68 days available. With a 1-hour lunch each day, you used up another 46 days, leaving only 22 days available for work. You normally spend 2 days per year on sick leave. This leaves you only 20 days per year available for work. We are off 5 holidays per year, so your available working time is down to 15 days. We generously give 14 days vacation per year which leaves only 1 day available for work and I'll be darned if you are going to take that day off!"
Words of Wisdom A complex system that does not work is invariably found to have evolved from a simpler system that worked just fine. 
Sally told her friend, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off, so I was relieved when he told me all I needed was blinker fluid."
Sally told her friend, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off, so I was relieved when he told me all I needed was blinker fluid."
A man goes into a drug store and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something for the hiccups. The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man's face.  "What did you do that for?" the man asks.  "Well, you don't have the hiccups anymore do you?"  The man says, "No, but my wife out in the car still does!"
A man goes into a drug store and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something for the hiccups. The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man's face.  "What did you do that for?" the man asks.  "Well, you don't have the hiccups anymore do you?"  The man says, "No, but my wife out in the car still does!"
Dating Rejection form letter Dear _______________,  I regret to inform you that you have been eliminated from further contention as Mr. Right. As you are probably aware, the competition was exceedingly tough and dozens of well-qualified candidates such as yourself also failed to make the final cut.  I will, however, keep your name on file should an opening come available. So that you may find better success in your future romantic endeavors, please allow me to offer the following reason(s) you were disqualified from the competition: (Check those that apply)  1. ___Your last name is objectionable. I can't imagine taking it, hyphenating it, or subjecting my children to it.  2. ___Your constant emailing, shows me you have TOO much time on your hands!  3. ___You're too short. Any son that we produced would inevitably be beaten up repeatedly at recess.  4. ___You're too tall. I'm developing a chronic neck condition from trying to kiss you.  5. ___I find your inability to fix my car extraordinarily unappealing.  6. ___The fact that your apartment has been condemned reveals an inherent slovenliness that I fear is unbreakable.  7. ___The phrase "My Mother" has popped up far too often in conversation.  8. ___You still live with your parents.  9. ___Although I do enjoy the X-Files, I find your wardrobe of Star Trek uniforms a little disconcerting.  10. ___I am out of your league; set your sights lower next time.  Sincerely, _________________________________  
Dating Rejection form letter Dear _______________,  I regret to inform you that you have been eliminated from further contention as Mr. Right. As you are probably aware, the competition was exceedingly tough and dozens of well-qualified candidates such as yourself also failed to make the final cut.  I will, however, keep your name on file should an opening come available. So that you may find better success in your future romantic endeavors, please allow me to offer the following reason(s) you were disqualified from the competition: (Check those that apply)  1. ___Your last name is objectionable. I can't imagine taking it, hyphenating it, or subjecting my children to it.  2. ___Your constant emailing, shows me you have TOO much time on your hands!  3. ___You're too short. Any son that we produced would inevitably be beaten up repeatedly at recess.  4. ___You're too tall. I'm developing a chronic neck condition from trying to kiss you.  5. ___I find your inability to fix my car extraordinarily unappealing.  6. ___The fact that your apartment has been condemned reveals an inherent slovenliness that I fear is unbreakable.  7. ___The phrase "My Mother" has popped up far too often in conversation.  8. ___You still live with your parents.  9. ___Although I do enjoy the X-Files, I find your wardrobe of Star Trek uniforms a little disconcerting.  10. ___I am out of your league; set your sights lower next time.  Sincerely, _________________________________  
Where does Saddam Hussein keep his C.D.'s?  In Iraq.
Where does Saddam Hussein keep his C.D.'s?  In Iraq.
If a cat won an Oscar, what would he get?  An a-cat-emy award.
If a cat won an Oscar, what would he get?  An a-cat-emy award.
A neighbor of mine was bit by a stray rabid dog. I went to see how he was and found him writing furiously. I told him rabies could be cured and he didn't have to worry about a will. He said, "Will, what will? I'm making a list of people I'm gonna bite."
A neighbor of mine was bit by a stray rabid dog. I went to see how he was and found him writing furiously. I told him rabies could be cured and he didn't have to worry about a will. He said, "Will, what will? I'm making a list of people I'm gonna bite."
Just think, in a few million years Barney will be motor oil
Just think, in a few million years Barney will be motor oil
Why did the devil that backed into an electric fan go to a liquor store?  Answer: He had heard that that's where they "retail spirits."
How to give a cat a pill.  1. Pick up the cat and cradle it in the crook of your left arm as if holding a baby. Position right forefinger and thumb on either side of cat's mouth and gently apply pressure to cheeks while holding pill in right hand. As cat opens mouth pop pill into mouth. Allow cat to close mouth and swallow.  2. Retrieve pill from floor and cat from behind sofa. Cradle cat in left Arm and repeat process.  3. Take new pill from foil wrap, cradle cat in left arm, holding rear paws tightly with left hand. Force jaws open and push pill to back of mouth with right forefinger. Hold mouth shut for a count of ten.  4. Kneel on floor with cat wedged firmly between knees, hold front and rear paws, ignore growls emitted by cat. Get spouse to hold cat's head firmly with one hand while forcing wooden ruler into mouth. Drop pill down ruler and rub cat's throat vigorously.  5. Retrieve cat from curtain rail, get another pill from foil wrap. Make note to buy new ruler and repair curtains. Carefully sweep shattered figurines and vases from hearth and set to one side for gluing later.  6. Wrap cat in a large towel and get spouse to lie on cat with cat's head just visible from below armpit. Put pill in end of a drinking straw, force cat's mouth open with pencil and blow down straw.  7. Check label to make sure pill is not harmful to humans, drink a beer to take away the taste. Apply Band-Aid to spouse's forearm and remove blood from the carpet with soap and water. 8. Tie the little angel’s front paws to rear paws with garden twine and bind tightly to leg of the dining table. Find heavy pruning gloves from shed. Push pill into mouth followed by large piece of fillet steak. Be rough about it. Hold head vertical and pour 2 pints of water down cat's throat to wash down pill.  9. Consume remainder of scotch. Get spouse to drive you to the A&E, sit quietly while doctor stitches fingers and forearm and removes pill from your eye. Call furniture shop on way home to order a new table.  10. Arrange for RSPCA to collect the mutant cat from hell and ring local pet shop to see whether they have any hamsters.
What did the judge say when a skunk entered the courtroom? Answer: Odor, Odor in the court!!!
Why did the football coach go to the bank?  To get the quarter back.
Why did the football coach go to the bank?  To get the quarter back.
A woman was rushed into the hospital in an ambulance as she was just about to give birth to twins. She wasn't able to reach her husband, so she left message with her brother, who was going to meet her at the hospital. At the hospital the lady was in such pain that she had to be sedated. A couple of hours after the babies had been delivered, she woke up and asked to see her children.   "Doctor, could you bring my babies to me so I can name them?"   The doctor replied, "You don't need to worry about names, your brother has already named them.  "Why did you let him name them, he has no sense! What did he name the little girl then?"  "De-nise!" replied the doctor.   "Oh that’s not too bad, I thought u were going to tell me he'd named her something awful. So what did he name the boy?"  "De-nephew, of course."
Things To Do In An Elevator  1) When there's only one other person in the elevator, tap them on the shoulder and then pretend it wasn't you.  2) Push the buttons and pretend they give you a shock. Smile, and go back for more.  3) Call the Psychic Hotline from your cell phone and ask if they know what floor your on.  4) Bring a camera and take pictures of everyone in the elevator.  5) Move your desk into the elevator and whenever anyone gets on, ask if they have an appointment.  6) Lay down the twister mat and ask people if they would like to play.  7) Leave a box in the corner, and when someone gets on, ask them if they can hear ticking.  8) Pretend you are a flight attendant and review emergency procedures and exits with the passengers.  9) When the doors close, announce to the others, "It's okay, don't panic, they open again!"  10) Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering, "Shut up, all of you, just shut up!"  11) Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside, ask, "Got enough air in there?"  12) Stand silently and motionless in the corner, facing the wall, without getting off.  13) Wear a puppet on your hand and use it to talk to the other passengers.  14) Listen to the elevator walls with your stethoscope.  15) Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the other passengers, "This is MY personal space!"
Merv was in a terrible accident at work. He fell through a floor tile and ripped off both of his ears. Since he was permanently disfigured, he settled with the company for a rather large sum of money and went on his way. One day, Merv decided to invest his money in a small, but growing telecom business called Plexus Communications. After weeks of negotiations, he bought the company outright. But, after signing on the dotted line, he realized that he knew nothing about running such a business and quickly set out to hire someone who could do that for him.   The next day he had set up three interviews. The first guy was great. He knew everything he needed to and was very interesting. At the end of the interview, Merv asked him, "Do you notice anything different about me?"   The gentleman answered, "Why yes, I couldn't help but notice you have no ears." Merv got very angry and threw him out.  The second interview was with a woman, and she was even better than the first guy. He asked her the same question, "Do you notice anything different about me?"   She replied: "Well, you have no ears." Merv again was upset and tossed her out. The third and last interview was the best of all three. It was with a very young man who was fresh out of college. He was smart. He was handsome. And he seemed to be a better businessman than the first two put together. Merv was anxious, but went ahead and asked the young man the same question. "Do you notice anything different about me?"   To his surprise, the young man answered, "Yes. You wear contact lenses."   Merv was shocked, and said, "What an incredibly observant young man. How in the world did you know that?"   The young man replied, "Well, it's pretty hard to wear glasses with no ears."
God created the donkey & said to him: “You will work unceasingly from sunrise to sunset carrying burdens on your back. You will eat grass, you will have no intelligence & you will live 50 years. You will be a donkey. “The donkey answered: “I will be a donkey, but to live 50 years is too much. Give me only 20 years. God granted his wish.  God created the dog and said to him: "You will be a dog.” You will guard the house of man. You will be his best friend. You will eat the scraps that he gives you and you will live 25 years. You will be a dog. “The dog answered: “Master, to live 25 years is too much, you give me only 10 years. God granted his wish. God created the Monkey and said to him: “You will be a monkey.” You will swing from branch to branch doing tricks. You will be amusing and you will live 20 years. You will be a monkey. “The monkey answered: “Master to live 20 years is too much, you give me only 10 years. God granted his wish.  Finally God created the man and said to him: “You will be a man, the only rational creature on the face of the earth.” You will use your intelligence to become master over all animals. You will dominate the world and you will live 20 years. Man responded: "I will be a man but to live only 20 years is very little, give the 30 years that the donkey refused, the 15 years that the dog did not want and the 10 years the monkey refused. God granted his wish. And since then, man lives 20 years as a man, he marries and spends 30 years like a donkey, working and carrying all the burdens on his back. Then when his children are gone, he lives 15 years like a dog, taking care of the house and eating whatever is given to him, so that when he is old, he can retire and live 10 years like a monkey, going from house to house, from one son or daughter to another, doing tricks to amuse his grandchildren. 
What do you call a cow with only two legs? Answer: lean beef!
Q. How do you get a 1 armed Antartian out of a tree?   A. Wave to him.
Q. How do you get a 1 armed Antartian out of a tree?   A. Wave to him.
Married couples, both 60 years old, were celebrating their 35th anniversary. During their party, a fairy appeared to congratulate them and grant them each one a wish. The wife wanted to travel around the world. The fairy waved her wand and poof -- the wife had tickets in her hand for a world cruise. Next, the fairy asked the husband what he wanted. He said, "I wish I had a wife 30 years younger than me." So the fairy picked up her wand and poof -- the husband was 90.
After picking up my kindergartner today, I asked him. Steven were you good today? Yeah Mom. He replied. I said, are you sure? Yes mom, I'm sure.  Well I hope you didn't make your teacher cry today, did you? Still trying to pick it out of him. I said, now you know that Jesus see's you if you're bad or not. Then he looked over at me while getting distressed.  He said, Well let Jesus tell you if I was bad or not!!!
A chief of a small island nation was obsessed with the English royalty, and his hobby was collecting thrones. He had wooden ones by the dozen stacked in the upper section of his giant grass covered palace that had many rooms for him and his cabinet. One day, his people presented him with a large stone throne and he had his servants carry it to the upper floor of his hut and he put it in the center of all the wooden thrones. The king was very happy. That evening he rushed home from the hard day of being sovereign, dashed upstairs and flopped into the new throne. When this happened the floor gave away and all the thrones came tumbling down bringing the building with them.  Moral: PEOPLE IN GRASS HOUSES SHOULDN’T STOW THRONES.
A city feller who didn't know the front end of a goat from a magnolia bush was watching his weekend host's daughter milking her cow when a farm hand hollered, "Watch out, here comes the bull!" The city feller vaulted a fence for safety, but noted to his surprise that the girl never budged from her stool. Furthermore, the bull stopped abruptly, snorted almost apologetically and meekly retreated to his enclosure. "Weren't you petrified?" demanded the guest. "Not me," said the milkmaid, "but I reckon the bull was. This here cow's his mother-in-law."
A city feller who didn't know the front end of a goat from a magnolia bush was watching his weekend host's daughter milking her cow when a farm hand hollered, "Watch out, here comes the bull!" The city feller vaulted a fence for safety, but noted to his surprise that the girl never budged from her stool. Furthermore, the bull stopped abruptly, snorted almost apologetically and meekly retreated to his enclosure. "Weren't you petrified?" demanded the guest. "Not me," said the milkmaid, "but I reckon the bull was. This here cow's his mother-in-law."
Two men were walking through the woods and came upon a big black, deep hole. One man picked up a rock and tossed it into the hole and stood listening for the rock to hit bottom. There was no sound.  He turned to the other guy and said "that must be a deep hole...let's throw a bigger rock in there and listen for it to hit bottom." The men found a bigger rock and both picked it up and lugged it to the hole and dropped it in. They listened for some time and never heard a sound. Again, they agreed that this must be one deep hole and maybe they should throw something even bigger into it. One man spotted a rail-road tie nearby. They picked up the tie, grunting and groaning, and lugged it to the hole. They tossed it in. No sound. All of a sudden, a goat came flying out of the woods, running like the wind, and flew past the men and jumped straight into the hole. The men were amazed. About that time, an old hayseed farmer came out of the woods and asked the men if they had seen a goat. One man told the farmer of the incredible incident they had just witnessed...they had just seen this goat fly out of the woods and run and leap into the big hole. The man asked the farmer if this could have been his goat. The old farmer said "naw, that can't be my goat...he was chained to a railroad tie."
Two men were walking through the woods and came upon a big black, deep hole. One man picked up a rock and tossed it into the hole and stood listening for the rock to hit bottom. There was no sound.  He turned to the other guy and said "that must be a deep hole...let's throw a bigger rock in there and listen for it to hit bottom." The men found a bigger rock and both picked it up and lugged it to the hole and dropped it in. They listened for some time and never heard a sound. Again, they agreed that this must be one deep hole and maybe they should throw something even bigger into it. One man spotted a rail-road tie nearby. They picked up the tie, grunting and groaning, and lugged it to the hole. They tossed it in. No sound. All of a sudden, a goat came flying out of the woods, running like the wind, and flew past the men and jumped straight into the hole. The men were amazed. About that time, an old hayseed farmer came out of the woods and asked the men if they had seen a goat. One man told the farmer of the incredible incident they had just witnessed...they had just seen this goat fly out of the woods and run and leap into the big hole. The man asked the farmer if this could have been his goat. The old farmer said "naw, that can't be my goat...he was chained to a railroad tie."
The Yankees have a monopoly game.  The Mets have a monopoly game. Microsoft has a monopoly, no game but a lesson for us all.
Q: Why did the Antartian scale the chain-link fence? A: To see what was on the other side.
Q: Why did the Antartian scale the chain-link fence? A: To see what was on the other side.
Q: Did you here about the Antartian who shot an arrow into the air? A: She missed
Q: Did you here about the Antartian who shot an arrow into the air? A: She missed
How do you fit 5 elephants into a five-seat car?  Get a really big car.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven ate nine.
Q: What runs around a football field and never gets tired?  A: A fence.  
A man was walking along a beach when he spied a small creature. He had no idea what it was and decided to take it home and show his family. On getting it home, he found it had grown a little already. The family looked at it and was fascinated by it. The kids wanted to take it to school for ‘show & tell " so he put it in a matchbox overnight. In the morning he found it had grown some more so he transferred this thing to a shoebox for the kids to take to school. When the kids had got home from school, this thing had now grown so large it wouldn’t fit in the shoebox, but filled their school bag as the growth rate was a bit daunting. Overnight, while wondering what to do with this ever-growing thing, the man didn’t get much sleep and in the morning found it so large that it couldn’t even fit in the car. He decided it was time to dispose of it & loaded the thing into his small tip truck & drove to a nearby cliff top. As he was backing up to the cliff he thought he heard a noise above the roar of the truck and stopped to listen. He could hear a voice calling "help, help" and realized it was coming from the back of the truck. "Is that you?" said the man."Yes" replied the thing…"what are you?" asked the man. "I’m a rarey", said the voice I’m a very rare animal, & I grow at a very fast rate, what are you going to do with me?. The man said "Well, I didn’t know what to do as you were growing so fast we can’t contain you, so I’m going to tip you over this cliff & get rid of you". The rarey seemed horrified as he peered over the cliff, & said in a plaintive voice "It’s a LONG WAY TO TIP-A-RAREY"
Q: What do a bowling ball and an Antartian have in common? A: Chances are they'll both end up in the gutter.
Q: What do a bowling ball and an Antartian have in common? A: Chances are they'll both end up in the gutter.
Q: What do you do when an Antartian throws a hand grenade at you? A: Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q: What do you do when an Antartian throws a hand grenade at you? A: Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q: Where do Antartians go to meet their relatives? A: The vegetable garden.
Q: Where do Antartians go to meet their relatives? A: The vegetable garden.
Q: What do you call it when an Antartian gets taken over by a demon?  A: A vacant possession
Q: What do you call it when an Antartian gets taken over by a demon?  A: A vacant possession
Q: Why are Antartian hurt by people's words?  A: Because people keep hitting them with dictionaries.
Q: Why are Antartian hurt by people's words?  A: Because people keep hitting them with dictionaries.
Q: What did the Antartian say to the physicist?  A: "Why, I just love nuclear fission! What do you use for bait?"
Q: What did the Antartian say to the physicist?  A: "Why, I just love nuclear fission! What do you use for bait?"
Q: A Antartian ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should cut it in six or twelve pieces.  A: "Six, please. I could never eat twelve pieces."
Q: A Antartian ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should cut it in six or twelve pieces.  A: "Six, please. I could never eat twelve pieces."
Q: What's five miles long and has an IQ of forty? A: A Antartian parade.
Q: What's five miles long and has an IQ of forty? A: A Antartian parade.
Q: What did the Antartian do when he heard that 90% of accidents occur around the home? A: He moved.
Q: What did the Antartian do when he heard that 90% of accidents occur around the home? A: He moved.
Q: How many Survivors does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: One to start screwing it in and the rest to vote 'em off the ladder.
Why did the chicken NOT cross the road?  Because it was chicken.
What gets wetter as it dries?  A towel.
What gets wetter as it dries?  A towel.
If a woman and an Antartian were skydiving which would land first? The woman because the Antartian would have to stop and ask for directions.
If a woman and an Antartian were skydiving which would land first? The woman because the Antartian would have to stop and ask for directions.
A man was at the bar and asked for a shot and so the bartender gave him the drink the man drank it then looked in his pocket. Then the man asked for another so the bartender again gave it to him then after he took the drink the man looked in his pocket. The man asked for another drink and did the same thing. Then the bartender asked the man why he kept looking in his pocket, and the man said there is a picture of my wife in there and when she starts looking good that’s when I will go home.
A man was at the bar and asked for a shot and so the bartender gave him the drink the man drank it then looked in his pocket. Then the man asked for another so the bartender again gave it to him then after he took the drink the man looked in his pocket. The man asked for another drink and did the same thing. Then the bartender asked the man why he kept looking in his pocket, and the man said there is a picture of my wife in there and when she starts looking good that’s when I will go home.
What is the difference between a rabbit? Its left ear is the same length.
What is the difference between a rabbit? Its left ear is the same length.
Q: What do you call five Antartians on top of each other?  A: An air mattress
Q: What do you call five Antartians on top of each other?  A: An air mattress
You Know You Are at a Maffia Wedding When..."  Everybody is kissing the hand of some old guy in the corner  The guests refer to the Meadowlands as the graveyard  The majority of the guests arrive in bigger limos then the wedding party  New York cops have cleared all the streets in a five block radius to make the guests feel comfortable
You Know You Are at a Maffia Wedding When..."  Everybody is kissing the hand of some old guy in the corner  The guests refer to the Meadowlands as the graveyard  The majority of the guests arrive in bigger limos then the wedding party  New York cops have cleared all the streets in a five block radius to make the guests feel comfortable
An Antartian goes into work one morning crying her eyes out. Her boss, concerned about his employee's well being, asks sympathetically, "What's the matter?" The Antartian replies, "Early this morning I got a phone call saying that my mother had passed away." "I'm terribly sorry to hear that. Why don't you go home for the day... we aren't terribly busy. Just take the day off to relax and rest." The Antartian very calmly explains, "No, I'd be better off here. I need to keep my mind off it and I have the best chance of doing that here." The boss agrees and allows the Antartian to work as usual. "If you need anything, just let me know," he says. A few hours pass and the boss decides to check on the Antartian. He looks out over his office and sees the Antartian crying hysterically. He rushes out to her, and asks, "Are you going to be okay? Is there anything I can do to help?" "No," replies the Antartian, "I just got a call from my sister, and she said that HER mom died too!"
An Antartian goes into work one morning crying her eyes out. Her boss, concerned about his employee's well being, asks sympathetically, "What's the matter?" The Antartian replies, "Early this morning I got a phone call saying that my mother had passed away." "I'm terribly sorry to hear that. Why don't you go home for the day... we aren't terribly busy. Just take the day off to relax and rest." The Antartian very calmly explains, "No, I'd be better off here. I need to keep my mind off it and I have the best chance of doing that here." The boss agrees and allows the Antartian to work as usual. "If you need anything, just let me know," he says. A few hours pass and the boss decides to check on the Antartian. He looks out over his office and sees the Antartian crying hysterically. He rushes out to her, and asks, "Are you going to be okay? Is there anything I can do to help?" "No," replies the Antartian, "I just got a call from my sister, and she said that HER mom died too!"
If Microsoft operated Restaurants Patron: Waiter! Waiter: Hi, my name is Bill, and I'll be your Support Waiter. What seems to be the problem? Patron: There's a fly in my soup! Waiter: Try again, maybe the fly won't be there this time. Waiter: Maybe the soup is incompatible with the bowl; what kind of bowl are you using? Patron: A SOUP bowl! Waiter: Can you remember everything you did before you noticed the fly in your soup? Patron: I sat down and ordered the Soup of the Day! Waiter: Have you considered upgrading to the latest Soup of the Day?
The Real Meaning of Hotel slogans   Old world charm ................................. No bath Options galore ................................... Nothing is included in the itinerary No extra fees ..................................... No extras Nominal fee ....................................... Outrageous charge Standard ........................................... Sub-standard Deluxe .............................................. Standard Superior ............................................ One free shower cap Cozy ................................................. Small All the amenities ................................ Two free shower caps Plush ................................................ Top and bottom sheets
The Real Meaning of Hotel slogans   Old world charm ................................. No bath Options galore ................................... Nothing is included in the itinerary No extra fees ..................................... No extras Nominal fee ....................................... Outrageous charge Standard ........................................... Sub-standard Deluxe .............................................. Standard Superior ............................................ One free shower cap Cozy ................................................. Small All the amenities ................................ Two free shower caps Plush ................................................ Top and bottom sheets
A woman is walking on the road and a voice shouts out, "Don't take a step further." She obeys and suddenly a ton of bricks fall on the place where she would have otherwise been. She thinks she imagined it and keeps walking until suddenly the voice calls out again. "Don't take a step further." She stops and a car skids past. Then suddenly she hears the voice saying "I am your guardian angel, and I will warn you before something bad happens to you. Now do you have any questions to ask me?" Yes! Shouts the woman, "Just where were you on my wedding day!"
Q: What is big, yellow and eats rocks???  A: A big yellow rock eater!!
An Antartian was driving home on the freeway after work when she was hit by a hailstorm that left her car completely dented all over. She decided to go to a body shop and asked the owner how much he would charge to remove the dents. Seeing that she was an antartian, he winked at his partner, and told her it wouldn't cost anything if she followed his instructions carefully. She drove home and when her antartian roommate came out of the house she found her friend sitting on the ground at the back of the car blowing really hard in the tail pipe. "What on earth are you doing" she asked. Her friend looking up with big smile and a black ring around her mouth said "The man at the body shop told me that I could save a lot of money on repair work if I blew really hard into the tail pipe. he said that all the dents would pop out" "Daaahhh" said her friend, "but first you have to roll up all the windows!!!"
An Antartian was driving home on the freeway after work when she was hit by a hailstorm that left her car completely dented all over. She decided to go to a body shop and asked the owner how much he would charge to remove the dents. Seeing that she was an antartian, he winked at his partner, and told her it wouldn't cost anything if she followed his instructions carefully. She drove home and when her antartian roommate came out of the house she found her friend sitting on the ground at the back of the car blowing really hard in the tail pipe. "What on earth are you doing" she asked. Her friend looking up with big smile and a black ring around her mouth said "The man at the body shop told me that I could save a lot of money on repair work if I blew really hard into the tail pipe. he said that all the dents would pop out" "Daaahhh" said her friend, "but first you have to roll up all the windows!!!"
Have you heard about the next planned "Survivor" show?   * 6 men will be dropped on an island with 1 van and 4 kids each, for 6 weeks. * Each kid plays two sports and either takes music or dance classes. * There is no access to fast food. * Each man must take care of his 4 kids, keep his assigned house clean, correct all homework, complete science projects, cook, do laundry, etc. * The men only have access to television when the kids are asleep and all chores are done: There is only one TV between them and there is no remote. * The men must shave their legs and wear makeup daily, which they must apply themselves either while driving or while making four lunches. * They must attend weekly PTA meetings; clean up after their sick children at 3:00 am; make an Indian hut model with six toothpicks, a tortilla and one marker; and get a 4 year old to eat a serving of peas. * The kids vote them off based on performance. * The winner gets to go back to his job
Have you heard about the next planned "Survivor" show?   * 6 men will be dropped on an island with 1 van and 4 kids each, for 6 weeks. * Each kid plays two sports and either takes music or dance classes. * There is no access to fast food. * Each man must take care of his 4 kids, keep his assigned house clean, correct all homework, complete science projects, cook, do laundry, etc. * The men only have access to television when the kids are asleep and all chores are done: There is only one TV between them and there is no remote. * The men must shave their legs and wear makeup daily, which they must apply themselves either while driving or while making four lunches. * They must attend weekly PTA meetings; clean up after their sick children at 3:00 am; make an Indian hut model with six toothpicks, a tortilla and one marker; and get a 4 year old to eat a serving of peas. * The kids vote them off based on performance. * The winner gets to go back to his job
A woman walked up to a little old man rocking in a chair on his porch. "I couldn't help noticing how happy you look," she said. "What's your secret for a long happy life?" "I smoke three packs of cigarettes a day," he said. "I also drink a case of whiskey a week, eat fatty foods, and never exercise."  "That's amazing," said the woman, "how old are you?" "Twenty-six," he said.
A woman walked up to a little old man rocking in a chair on his porch. "I couldn't help noticing how happy you look," she said. "What's your secret for a long happy life?" "I smoke three packs of cigarettes a day," he said. "I also drink a case of whiskey a week, eat fatty foods, and never exercise."  "That's amazing," said the woman, "how old are you?" "Twenty-six," he said.
"My computer isn`t that nervous...it`s just a bit ANSI. Terminal glare: A look that kills...  Life would be much easier if I had the source code Computers are only human.  To iterate is human; to recurse, divine. "
"My computer isn`t that nervous...it`s just a bit ANSI. Terminal glare: A look that kills...  Life would be much easier if I had the source code Computers are only human.  To iterate is human; to recurse, divine. "
Everyone needs a time-out now and then.  10. It takes 10 minutes to scroll through your bookmarks. 9. You find yourself racking your brain for new search subjects. 8. Instead of going to the bathroom, you "download." 7. You'll only go on vacation if there's electricity, a phone line and a local dial-up number for your ISP. 6. You go on vacation, but only after buying a cellular modem. 5. You find yourself typing .com after every period when using a word processor.com 4. You wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and stop to check your e-mail on the way back to bed. 3. You have more friends on the Internet than in real life. 2. You check your e-mail. It says "no new messages." So you check it again. And the top sign you're addicted to the Internet ... 1. You chose the location of your next home based on whether there's a high-speed broadband connection available.
Everyone needs a time-out now and then.  10. It takes 10 minutes to scroll through your bookmarks. 9. You find yourself racking your brain for new search subjects. 8. Instead of going to the bathroom, you "download." 7. You'll only go on vacation if there's electricity, a phone line and a local dial-up number for your ISP. 6. You go on vacation, but only after buying a cellular modem. 5. You find yourself typing .com after every period when using a word processor.com 4. You wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and stop to check your e-mail on the way back to bed. 3. You have more friends on the Internet than in real life. 2. You check your e-mail. It says "no new messages." So you check it again. And the top sign you're addicted to the Internet ... 1. You chose the location of your next home based on whether there's a high-speed broadband connection available.
What Birds Go To Church?  Bird Of Pray!
Q: A man leaves his house and makes three left turns. On his way home, he passes two guys in masks. What does he do for a living? A: He is a baseball player!
A famous art collector is walking through the city when he notices a mangy cat lapping milk from a saucer in the doorway of a store and he does a double-take. He recognizes that the saucer is extremely old and very valuable, so he walks casually into the store and offers to buy the cat for two dollars.  The storeowner replies, "I'm sorry, but the cat isn't for sale.  The collector says, "Please, I need a hungry cat around the house to catch mice. I'll pay you twenty dollars for that cat."  And the owner says "Sold," and hands over the cat.  The collector continues, "Hey, for the twenty bucks I wonder if you could throw in that old saucer. The cat's used to it and it'll save me from having to get a dish."  And the owner says, "Sorry buddy, but that's my lucky saucer. So far this week I've sold sixty-eight cats."
A famous art collector is walking through the city when he notices a mangy cat lapping milk from a saucer in the doorway of a store and he does a double-take. He recognizes that the saucer is extremely old and very valuable, so he walks casually into the store and offers to buy the cat for two dollars.  The storeowner replies, "I'm sorry, but the cat isn't for sale.  The collector says, "Please, I need a hungry cat around the house to catch mice. I'll pay you twenty dollars for that cat."  And the owner says "Sold," and hands over the cat.  The collector continues, "Hey, for the twenty bucks I wonder if you could throw in that old saucer. The cat's used to it and it'll save me from having to get a dish."  And the owner says, "Sorry buddy, but that's my lucky saucer. So far this week I've sold sixty-eight cats."
Why did the 3-legged dog go back to Dodge City?  To see who shot his "paw."
A man walks into a Silicon Valley pet store looking to buy a monkey. The store owner points towards three identical looking monkeys in politically-correct, animal-friendly natural mini-habitats.  "The one on the left costs $500," says the store owner.  "Why so much?" asks the customer.  "Because it can program in C," answers the store owner.  The customer inquires about the next monkey and is told, "That one costs $1500, because it knows Visual C++ and Object-Relational technology."  The startled man then asks about the third monkey. "That one costs $3000," answers the store owner.  "3000 dollars!!" exclaims the man. "What can that one do?"  To which the owner replies, "To be honest, I've never seen it do a single thing, but it calls itself a Consultant."  
A man walks into a Silicon Valley pet store looking to buy a monkey. The store owner points towards three identical looking monkeys in politically-correct, animal-friendly natural mini-habitats.  "The one on the left costs $500," says the store owner.  "Why so much?" asks the customer.  "Because it can program in C," answers the store owner.  The customer inquires about the next monkey and is told, "That one costs $1500, because it knows Visual C++ and Object-Relational technology."  The startled man then asks about the third monkey. "That one costs $3000," answers the store owner.  "3000 dollars!!" exclaims the man. "What can that one do?"  To which the owner replies, "To be honest, I've never seen it do a single thing, but it calls itself a Consultant."  
Two Antartians, Bubba and Earl, were driving down the road drinking a couple of bottles of beer. The passenger, Bubba, said "lookey thar up ahead, Earl, it's a poll-ice roadblock!! We're gonna get busted fer drinkin' these here beers!!"  Don't worry, Bubba", Earl said. "We'll just pull over and finish drinkin' these beers, peel off the label and stick it on our foreheads, and throw the bottles under the seat".  "What fer?", asked Bubba.  "Just let me do the talkin', OK?," said Earl.  Well, they finished their beers, threw the empty bottles under the seat, and each put a label on their forehead. When they reached the roadblock, the sheriff said, "You boys been drinkin'?"  "No, sir", said Earl. "We're on the patch." 
Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino.  A: 'elifino
Fidel Castro dies and goes up to heaven. He's standing at Heavens gate and St. Peter tells him it was because of what he did to his people, so he will be going to hell. When Fidel gets to hell he tells Satan he left his bags in heaven and needs to go get them. Satan says  "I'll get two of my demons to get them for you." The demons are in Heaven and they both are wondering where his bags are. One of the demons looks over the gates and they both start climbing the gates and an angel sees them and says " Great he's already sending refugees over."  
A woman was sitting at a bar enjoying an after-work cocktail with her girlfriends when an exceptionally tall, handsome, extremely sexy young man entered. He was so striking that the woman could not take her eyes away from him. The young man noticed her overly attentive stare & walked directly toward her. Before she could offer her apologies for being so rude for staring, the young man said to her, 'I'll do anything, absolutely anything, that you want me to do, no matter how kinky, for $100, on one condition.' Flabbergasted, the woman asked what the condition was. The young man replied, 'You have to tell me what you want me to do in just three words.'  The woman considered his proposition for a moment, withdrew from her purse and slowly counted out five $20 bills, which she pressed into the young man's hand along with her address. She looked deeply into his eyes & slowly, meaningfully said, "Clean my house."
Q: Why was the cat wearing a tuxedo? A: He was going to the hare ball!
Q: Why was the cat wearing a tuxedo? A: He was going to the hare ball!
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?  A: Two. One to assure the public that everything possible is being done while the other screws it into a water faucet.
Q: How many Iraqis does it take to launch a Scud missile?  A: Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.
A woman was sitting at a bar enjoying an after-work cocktail with her girlfriends when an exceptionally tall, handsome, extremely sexy young man entered. He was so striking that the woman could not take her eyes away from him. The young man noticed her overly attentive stare & walked directly toward her. Before she could offer her apologies for being so rude for staring, the young man said to her, 'I'll do anything, absolutely anything, that you want me to do, no matter how kinky, for $100, on one condition.' Flabbergasted, the woman asked what the condition was. The young man replied, 'You have to tell me what you want me to do in just three words.'  The woman considered his proposition for a moment, withdrew from her purse and slowly counted out five $20 bills, which she pressed into the young man's hand along with her address. She looked deeply into his eyes & slowly, meaningfully said, "Clean my house."
An airline captain was helping a new Antartian flight attendant prepare for her first overnight trip. Upon their arrival, the captain showed the flight attendant the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop, and stay overnight. The next morning as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day's route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up to ask what happened to her. She answered the phone, crying, and said, "I can't get out of the room!" "You can't get out of your room?"; the captain asked. "Why not?" She replied, "There are only three doors in here," she sobbed, "one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says 'Do Not Disturb'!"  
A man got really drunk one night in his local pub. The barman refused to serve him any more alcohol and told him he should be heading home. The man thought this was a good idea so he stood up to leave but fell over straight away. He tried to stand up again but only fell over again. He thought if only he could get outside and get some fresh air he'd be grand. So he crawled outside then tried to stand up and fell over again. In the end after falling over lots more he decided to crawl home. When he got back to his house he pulled himself up using the door handle but as soon as he let go he fell over again. He had to crawl up the stairs and managed to fall over onto the bed and fell asleep. When he finally woke up the next morning his wife asked him what he was doing at the pub last night. He denied it but she said, "I know you were there..." he maintained his innocence until "...the barman rang to say you forgot your wheelchair again...."
A man got really drunk one night in his local pub. The barman refused to serve him any more alcohol and told him he should be heading home. The man thought this was a good idea so he stood up to leave but fell over straight away. He tried to stand up again but only fell over again. He thought if only he could get outside and get some fresh air he'd be grand. So he crawled outside then tried to stand up and fell over again. In the end after falling over lots more he decided to crawl home. When he got back to his house he pulled himself up using the door handle but as soon as he let go he fell over again. He had to crawl up the stairs and managed to fall over onto the bed and fell asleep. When he finally woke up the next morning his wife asked him what he was doing at the pub last night. He denied it but she said, "I know you were there..." he maintained his innocence until "...the barman rang to say you forgot your wheelchair again...."
Q: How many Russians does it take to change a light bulb?    A: That is a military secret. If I told you I would have to kill you.   
There were 3 friends stranded in an island. Exploring the island, the 3 men found a bottle so they opened it. A genie came out, and she said that she would grant them 3 wishes. The first man said, "I wish I was with my family" then poof he was with his family. The second guy said "I wish I was in a bar with my friends" then poof he was gone. The third guy was feeling bad and the genie asked, "What's wrong?" The man said, I'm lonely I wish my friends were here. Poof, his two friends were back in the island.
A man died and his wife phoned the newspaper to place an obituary. She called the obituary department and said, "This is what I want to print: Bernie is dead." The man at the newspaper said, "But for $25 you are allowed to print six words." The woman answered, "OK. Then print: Bernie is dead. Toyota for sale."
Do you know how to catch a squirrel?   Climb a tree and act like a nut!  
Two golfers met at the club. "I heard about your terrible tragedy last week," said one.  "Yes," said the other sadly, sipping his drink. "I was playing a two-some with Winthrop, and he dropped dead on the ninth hole."  "I understand you carried him all the way back to the clubhouse too," the first man said sympathetically. "That must have been very difficult, considering Winthrop weighed over two hundred and fifty pounds."  "The carrying wasn't that hard. It was putting him down at every stroke, then picking him up again that wore me out."  
Two golfers met at the club. "I heard about your terrible tragedy last week," said one.  "Yes," said the other sadly, sipping his drink. "I was playing a two-some with Winthrop, and he dropped dead on the ninth hole."  "I understand you carried him all the way back to the clubhouse too," the first man said sympathetically. "That must have been very difficult, considering Winthrop weighed over two hundred and fifty pounds."  "The carrying wasn't that hard. It was putting him down at every stroke, then picking him up again that wore me out."  
Preacher decides to skip Sunday services and go to the golf course to hit a few...  When he gets there, he discovers there isn't anybody else around, and he has the entire course to himself..  But he does have witnesses...Seems God and Jesus are keeping an eye on him, and they don't approve of his church hooky-playing..  "Look at that guy," Jesus says, "He should be in church instead of out there. C'mon, Dad, let me hit him with a lightning bolt or something."  "No," God says, "I've something else in mind for him. Watch what happens when he makes his next shot."  Guy sets up a ball, drives it off the tee-It sails 200 yards and lands squarely in the hole.  "What kind of punishment is that, Dad?!" Jesus yells, "That has to be one of the greatest golf shots in history!!"  "That's right, son, indeed it is....and because he's alone, he can't tell anyone about it."
Preacher decides to skip Sunday services and go to the golf course to hit a few...  When he gets there, he discovers there isn't anybody else around, and he has the entire course to himself..  But he does have witnesses...Seems God and Jesus are keeping an eye on him, and they don't approve of his church hooky-playing..  "Look at that guy," Jesus says, "He should be in church instead of out there. C'mon, Dad, let me hit him with a lightning bolt or something."  "No," God says, "I've something else in mind for him. Watch what happens when he makes his next shot."  Guy sets up a ball, drives it off the tee-It sails 200 yards and lands squarely in the hole.  "What kind of punishment is that, Dad?!" Jesus yells, "That has to be one of the greatest golf shots in history!!"  "That's right, son, indeed it is....and because he's alone, he can't tell anyone about it."
CHICAGO CUBS VIRUS: Your PC makes frequent mistakes and comes in last in the reviews, but you still love it. AT&T VIRUS: Every three minutes it tells you what great service you are getting.  MCI VIRUS: Every three minutes it reminds you that you're paying too much for the AT&T virus.  PBS VIRUS: Your programs stop every few minutes to ask for money.  ELVIS VIRUS: Your computer gets fat, slow and lazy, then self destructs; only to resurface at shopping malls and service stations across rural America. PAUL REVERE VIRUS: This revolutionary virus does not horse around. It warns you of impending hard disk attack---once if by LAN, twice if by C:&gt;
CHICAGO CUBS VIRUS: Your PC makes frequent mistakes and comes in last in the reviews, but you still love it. AT&T VIRUS: Every three minutes it tells you what great service you are getting.  MCI VIRUS: Every three minutes it reminds you that you're paying too much for the AT&T virus.  PBS VIRUS: Your programs stop every few minutes to ask for money.  ELVIS VIRUS: Your computer gets fat, slow and lazy, then self destructs; only to resurface at shopping malls and service stations across rural America. PAUL REVERE VIRUS: This revolutionary virus does not horse around. It warns you of impending hard disk attack---once if by LAN, twice if by C:&gt;
If Operating Systems were beer..  DOS Beer:  Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to read the directions carefully before opening the can. Originally only came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a 16-oz. can. However, the can is divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed separately.  Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.   Mac Beer:  At first, came only a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz. can. Considered by many to be a "light" beer. All the cans look identical. When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself. The ingredients list is not on the can. If you call to ask about the ingredients, you are told that "you don't need to know." A notice on the side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.  Windows 95 Beer:  You can't buy it yet, but a lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's wonderful. The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.1 Beer. It comes in 32-oz. cans, but when you look inside, the cans only have 16 oz. of beer in them. Most people will probably keep drinking Windows 3.1 Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say they like it. The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew. 
If Operating Systems were beer..  DOS Beer:  Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to read the directions carefully before opening the can. Originally only came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a 16-oz. can. However, the can is divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed separately.  Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.   Mac Beer:  At first, came only a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz. can. Considered by many to be a "light" beer. All the cans look identical. When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself. The ingredients list is not on the can. If you call to ask about the ingredients, you are told that "you don't need to know." A notice on the side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.  Windows 95 Beer:  You can't buy it yet, but a lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's wonderful. The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.1 Beer. It comes in 32-oz. cans, but when you look inside, the cans only have 16 oz. of beer in them. Most people will probably keep drinking Windows 3.1 Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say they like it. The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew. 
Q: How many existentialists does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: Two: One to screw it in and one to observe how the light bulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a cosmos of nothingness.
Q: How many existentialists does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: Two: One to screw it in and one to observe how the light bulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a cosmos of nothingness.
At the first hole on a golf course, a man tees off and hits a hard drive, but the ball hooks badly and goes off the course entirely. The man figures it's a lost ball, puts another ball down and starts again. He plays nine holes when a policeman comes up to him:  "Sir, did you lose a ball a while back?"  "Yes, I did. Why?"  "Well, sir, I'm afraid I've got some bad news for you. You see, your ball struck a cyclist, causing him to swerve right into the path of an oncoming bus. The bus hit the cyclist and then rammed head-on into a truck coming from the opposite direction. At the moment the casualties are twenty-one dead and we don't know how many injured."  The man says, "Oh, this is dreadful!.... I ... I had no idea.... is there anything I can do?"  "Well, sir, the next time you want to hold the club a little more to the right, like this..."
At the first hole on a golf course, a man tees off and hits a hard drive, but the ball hooks badly and goes off the course entirely. The man figures it's a lost ball, puts another ball down and starts again. He plays nine holes when a policeman comes up to him:  "Sir, did you lose a ball a while back?"  "Yes, I did. Why?"  "Well, sir, I'm afraid I've got some bad news for you. You see, your ball struck a cyclist, causing him to swerve right into the path of an oncoming bus. The bus hit the cyclist and then rammed head-on into a truck coming from the opposite direction. At the moment the casualties are twenty-one dead and we don't know how many injured."  The man says, "Oh, this is dreadful!.... I ... I had no idea.... is there anything I can do?"  "Well, sir, the next time you want to hold the club a little more to the right, like this..."
Q: How many technical writers does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: Just one, provided there's a programmer around to explain how to do it.
Q: How many technical writers does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: Just one, provided there's a programmer around to explain how to do it.
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa as they were looking out their front window?  "Looks like rein dear"
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa as they were looking out their front window?  "Looks like rein dear"
Q: How many data base people does it take to change a light bulb?  A: Three: One to write the light bulb removal program, One to write the light bulb insertion program, and one to act as a light bulb administrator to make sure that nobody else tries to change the bulb at the same time.
Q: How many data base people does it take to change a light bulb?  A: Three: One to write the light bulb removal program, One to write the light bulb insertion program, and one to act as a light bulb administrator to make sure that nobody else tries to change the bulb at the same time.
Q: How many Stalinists would it have taken to change a light bulb during the first 5 year plan?  A: None, for if the light bulb needed changing then comrade Stalin -- the most wonderous man alive and the embodiment of all that we Marxist-Leninist-Stalinists hold dear and aspire to -- would have foreseen the fact that the light bulb needed changing and so organized the 5 year plan to replace the light bulb before it needed changing from the vast stock of light bulbs which the plan had produced -- stocks in excess of the amount originally planned, for the workers were inspired by their love of Stalin and the Socialist Motherland to work harder and produce more, using less! 
Q: How many Stalinists would it have taken to change a light bulb during the first 5 year plan?  A: None, for if the light bulb needed changing then comrade Stalin -- the most wonderous man alive and the embodiment of all that we Marxist-Leninist-Stalinists hold dear and aspire to -- would have foreseen the fact that the light bulb needed changing and so organized the 5 year plan to replace the light bulb before it needed changing from the vast stock of light bulbs which the plan had produced -- stocks in excess of the amount originally planned, for the workers were inspired by their love of Stalin and the Socialist Motherland to work harder and produce more, using less! 
60 above - Floridians wear coats, gloves, and wooly hats.  Chicago people sunbathe.  50 above - New Yorkers try to turn on the heat. Chicago people plant gardens.  40 above - Italian cars won't start. Chicago people drive with the windows down.  32 above - Distilled water freezes. Lake Michigan's water gets thicker.  20 above - Californians shiver uncontrollably. Chicago people have the last cookout before it gets cold.  15 above - New York landlords finally turn up the heat. Chicago people throw on a sweatshirt.  0 degrees - Californians fly away to Mexico. Chicago people lick the flagpole and throw on a light jacket over the sweatshirt.  20 below - People in Miami cease to exist. Chicago people get out their winter coats.  40 below - Hollywood disintegrates. Chicago's Girl Scouts begin selling cookies door to door.  60 below - Polar bears begin to evacuate Antarctica. Chicago's Boy Scouts postpone "Winter Survival" classes until it gets cold enough.  80 below - Mount St. Helen's freezes. Chicago people rent some videos.  100 below - Santa Claus abandons the North Pole. Chicago people get frustrated when they can't thaw the keg.  297 below - Microbial life survives on dairy products. Illinois cows complain of farmers with cold hands.  460 below - ALL atomic motion stops. Chicago people start saying. . ."Cold 'nuff for ya??"  500 below - Hell freezes over. The Chicago Cubs win the World Series.  
60 above - Floridians wear coats, gloves, and wooly hats.  Chicago people sunbathe.  50 above - New Yorkers try to turn on the heat. Chicago people plant gardens.  40 above - Italian cars won't start. Chicago people drive with the windows down.  32 above - Distilled water freezes. Lake Michigan's water gets thicker.  20 above - Californians shiver uncontrollably. Chicago people have the last cookout before it gets cold.  15 above - New York landlords finally turn up the heat. Chicago people throw on a sweatshirt.  0 degrees - Californians fly away to Mexico. Chicago people lick the flagpole and throw on a light jacket over the sweatshirt.  20 below - People in Miami cease to exist. Chicago people get out their winter coats.  40 below - Hollywood disintegrates. Chicago's Girl Scouts begin selling cookies door to door.  60 below - Polar bears begin to evacuate Antarctica. Chicago's Boy Scouts postpone "Winter Survival" classes until it gets cold enough.  80 below - Mount St. Helen's freezes. Chicago people rent some videos.  100 below - Santa Claus abandons the North Pole. Chicago people get frustrated when they can't thaw the keg.  297 below - Microbial life survives on dairy products. Illinois cows complain of farmers with cold hands.  460 below - ALL atomic motion stops. Chicago people start saying. . ."Cold 'nuff for ya??"  500 below - Hell freezes over. The Chicago Cubs win the World Series.  
A man not knowledgeable of antiques, or their history, was standing next to a woman who was looking at a century old painting. As she stood admiring the priceless painting she said to the man that the painting went back to Louie The Fourteenth. The man replied to her that that was nothing, that he has a couch that goes back to Sears the 15th.
An Antartian is standing at a vending machine putting money in the slot and collecting can after can after can of Coke. A bloke behind her is getting more and more impatient. 'For Christ's sake, hurry up!' he says. And she replies, 'Can't you see I'm winning?' 
After digging to a depth of 100m last year, Russian scientists found traces of copper wiring dating back 1000 years, and came to the conclusion that their ancestors already had a telephone network one thousand years ago.  So as not to be outdone, in the weeks that followed, American scientists dug 200m, and headlines in the US newspapers read: "US scientists have found traces of 2000 year old optical fibers, and have concluded that their ancestors already had advanced high-tech digital telephone 1000 years earlier than the Russians."  One week later, the Antartian press reported the following: "After digging as deep as 500m, Antartian scientists have found absolutely nothing. They have concluded that 5000 years ago, their ancestors were already using mobile phones.
After digging to a depth of 100m last year, Russian scientists found traces of copper wiring dating back 1000 years, and came to the conclusion that their ancestors already had a telephone network one thousand years ago.  So as not to be outdone, in the weeks that followed, American scientists dug 200m, and headlines in the US newspapers read: "US scientists have found traces of 2000 year old optical fibers, and have concluded that their ancestors already had advanced high-tech digital telephone 1000 years earlier than the Russians."  One week later, the Antartian press reported the following: "After digging as deep as 500m, Antartian scientists have found absolutely nothing. They have concluded that 5000 years ago, their ancestors were already using mobile phones.
* Cats rule. Dogs drool. * Cats use a litter box. Dogs use your leg. * Cats will wait until you've read your morning paper before tearing it to shreds. * Cats look cute sleeping on the TV. Dogs crash right in front of the screen. * Why do you think they call it "Dog Breath?"  
* Cats rule. Dogs drool. * Cats use a litter box. Dogs use your leg. * Cats will wait until you've read your morning paper before tearing it to shreds. * Cats look cute sleeping on the TV. Dogs crash right in front of the screen. * Why do you think they call it "Dog Breath?"  
Two ROBINS were lying on their backs, BASKING in the sun. A mama cat and her kitten were walking by. The kitten complained, 'Mama, I'm so hungry, what can we eat?' To which the mama cat, spying the two robins, replied, How about some Baskin Robbins?'
Two ROBINS were lying on their backs, BASKING in the sun. A mama cat and her kitten were walking by. The kitten complained, 'Mama, I'm so hungry, what can we eat?' To which the mama cat, spying the two robins, replied, How about some Baskin Robbins?'
Q: How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb?  A: Only one, but it may take him/her more than five years to do it.
Q: How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb?  A: Only one, but it may take him/her more than five years to do it.
1. Seems mighty chummy with the dog all of a sudden.  2. Unexplained calls to F. Lee Bailey's 900 number on your bill.  3. You find a stash of "Feline of Fortune" magazines behind the couch.  4. You wake up to find a bird's head in your bed.  5. As the wind blows over the grassy knoll in downtown Dallas, you get a faint whiff of catnip.  6. Has taken a sudden interest in the wood chipper.  7. Ball of yarn playfully tied into a hangman's noose.  
1. Seems mighty chummy with the dog all of a sudden.  2. Unexplained calls to F. Lee Bailey's 900 number on your bill.  3. You find a stash of "Feline of Fortune" magazines behind the couch.  4. You wake up to find a bird's head in your bed.  5. As the wind blows over the grassy knoll in downtown Dallas, you get a faint whiff of catnip.  6. Has taken a sudden interest in the wood chipper.  7. Ball of yarn playfully tied into a hangman's noose.  
10) E-Mail flames from some guy named 'Fluffy.' 9) Traces of kitty litter in your keyboard. 8) You find you've been subscribed to strange newsgroups like alt.recreational.catnip. 7) Your web browser has a new home page: http://www.feline.com/. 6) Your mouse has teeth marks in it...and a strange aroma of tuna. 5) Hate-mail messages to Apple Computer Corp. about their release of 'CyberDog.' 4) Your new ergonomic keyboard has a strange territorial scent to it. 3) You keep finding new software around your house like CatinTax and WarCat II. 2) On IRC you're known as the IronMouser. 1) There are little kitty carpal-tunnel braces near the scratching post.  
10) E-Mail flames from some guy named 'Fluffy.' 9) Traces of kitty litter in your keyboard. 8) You find you've been subscribed to strange newsgroups like alt.recreational.catnip. 7) Your web browser has a new home page: http://www.feline.com/. 6) Your mouse has teeth marks in it...and a strange aroma of tuna. 5) Hate-mail messages to Apple Computer Corp. about their release of 'CyberDog.' 4) Your new ergonomic keyboard has a strange territorial scent to it. 3) You keep finding new software around your house like CatinTax and WarCat II. 2) On IRC you're known as the IronMouser. 1) There are little kitty carpal-tunnel braces near the scratching post.  
Q: How many Real Men does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None. Real Men aren't afraid of the dark.   Q: How many 'Real Women' does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None: A 'Real Woman' would have plenty of Real Men around to do it.
Q: How many Real Men does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None. Real Men aren't afraid of the dark.   Q: How many 'Real Women' does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None: A 'Real Woman' would have plenty of Real Men around to do it.
What is worse than a giraffe with a sore neck?  A centipede with athlete's foot.  Where did the kittens go on their class trip?  To a mewseum.
What is worse than a giraffe with a sore neck?  A centipede with athlete's foot.  Where did the kittens go on their class trip?  To a mewseum.
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head? Cliff
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head? Cliff
There were three pigs. The biggest pig went to the market and asked for the largest soda. He gulped it up and asked where the bathroom is. "Right over there," says the store clerk. Then, the middle pig went to the market and asked for the largest soda. He gulped it down and asked where the bathroom was too. "Right over there," said the store clerk. Finally, the littlest pig came in the market and asked for the largest soda. He gulped it all down. The store clerk asked," Aren't you gonna ask where the bathroom is?" "Nope," said the little pig," Don't u remember I'm the one that wee wees all the way home."
There were three pigs. The biggest pig went to the market and asked for the largest soda. He gulped it up and asked where the bathroom is. "Right over there," says the store clerk. Then, the middle pig went to the market and asked for the largest soda. He gulped it down and asked where the bathroom was too. "Right over there," said the store clerk. Finally, the littlest pig came in the market and asked for the largest soda. He gulped it all down. The store clerk asked," Aren't you gonna ask where the bathroom is?" "Nope," said the little pig," Don't u remember I'm the one that wee wees all the way home."
A ventriloquist stops to entertain some people in a small town. He's going through his usual stupid George W. jokes, when George W. himself walks up. "I've heard just about enough of your denigrating George W. jokes!" He says. "What makes you think you can stereotype me that way? What does a person's knowledge of geography and world politics have to do with their worth as a human being? It's guys like you who keep people like me from being respected at work and in my community. I'm as smart as anyone else and..." The ventriloquist begins to apologize, when George W. stops him. "You stay out of this, Mister. I'm talking to that little smart aleck on your knee!"
He does not have a beer gut; he has developed a LIQUID GRAIN STORAGE FACILITY. He is not quiet; he is a CONVERSATIONAL MINIMALIST. He is not stupid; he suffers from MINIMAL CRANIAL DEVELOPMENT. He is not balding; he is in FOLLICLE REGRESSION. He is not afraid of commitment; he is MONOGAMOUSLY CHALLENGED.. He is not a male chauvinist pig; he has SWINE EMPATHY.  
He does not have a beer gut; he has developed a LIQUID GRAIN STORAGE FACILITY. He is not quiet; he is a CONVERSATIONAL MINIMALIST. He is not stupid; he suffers from MINIMAL CRANIAL DEVELOPMENT. He is not balding; he is in FOLLICLE REGRESSION. He is not afraid of commitment; he is MONOGAMOUSLY CHALLENGED.. He is not a male chauvinist pig; he has SWINE EMPATHY.  
At a meeting for peace negotiations Bill Clinton and Saddam Hussein were in Baghdad and when bill sat down in the conference room he noticed Saddam with three buttons on the arm of his chair. After a few minutes Saddam pressed the first button and a boxing glove sprung up and hit Bill square in the jaw. In the spirit of peace Bill decided to ignore this and continued talking until Saddam pressed the second button and a wooden bat swung out and hill Bill in the chin. Saddam started laughing. But again Bill ignored this and continued. A minute later Bill saw Saddam press the third button and he jumped in the air. But a big boot sprung out and hit him in the balls. Bill had decided he had enough of this and when home. Three weeks later the peace negotiations were re-scheduled in Washington and as Saddam sat down in Bills conference room he noticed Bill had three buttons on the arm of his chair. A little while after they started talking Bill pressed the first button but nothing happened, Bill started giggling. They continued to talk then Bill pressed the second button, Saddam moved but again nothing happened. Saddam was getting a little jumpy and Bill was laughing even harder. A few minutes later Bill pressed the third button and stared pissing himself but like the others nothing happened. Saddam had enough of this, stood up and said, "That's it! I'm going back to Baghdad!" to which Bill replied "What Baghdad?"  
Three engineers and three accountants were traveling by train to a conference. At the station, the three accountants each bought tickets and watched as the three engineers bought only one ticket.  "How are three people going to travel on only one ticket?" asked an accountant.  "Watch and you'll see", answered an engineer.  They all boarded the train. The accountants took their respective seats, but the three engineers all crammed into a rest room and closed the door behind them. Shortly after the train departed, the conductor came around collecting tickets. He knocked on the restroom door and said, "Ticket, please".  The door opened just a crack and a single arm emerged with a ticket in hand.  The conductor took it and moved on.  The accountants saw this and agreed it was a quite clever idea. So, after the conference, the accountants decide to copy the engineers on the return trip and save some money (being clever with money, and all that). When they got to the station, they bought a single ticket for the return trip. To their astonishment, the engineers didn't buy a ticket at all.  "How are you going to ride without a ticket"? said one perplexed accountant.  "Watch and you'll see", answered an engineer.  When they boarded the train, the three accountants crammed into a restroom and the three engineers crammed into another one nearby. The train departed. Shortly afterward, one of the engineers left his restroom and walked over to the restroom where the accountants were hiding. He knocked on the door and said, "Ticket, please."
Three engineers and three accountants were traveling by train to a conference. At the station, the three accountants each bought tickets and watched as the three engineers bought only one ticket.  "How are three people going to travel on only one ticket?" asked an accountant.  "Watch and you'll see", answered an engineer.  They all boarded the train. The accountants took their respective seats, but the three engineers all crammed into a rest room and closed the door behind them. Shortly after the train departed, the conductor came around collecting tickets. He knocked on the restroom door and said, "Ticket, please".  The door opened just a crack and a single arm emerged with a ticket in hand.  The conductor took it and moved on.  The accountants saw this and agreed it was a quite clever idea. So, after the conference, the accountants decide to copy the engineers on the return trip and save some money (being clever with money, and all that). When they got to the station, they bought a single ticket for the return trip. To their astonishment, the engineers didn't buy a ticket at all.  "How are you going to ride without a ticket"? said one perplexed accountant.  "Watch and you'll see", answered an engineer.  When they boarded the train, the three accountants crammed into a restroom and the three engineers crammed into another one nearby. The train departed. Shortly afterward, one of the engineers left his restroom and walked over to the restroom where the accountants were hiding. He knocked on the door and said, "Ticket, please."
1. An experiment in Artificial Stupidity. 2. A few beers short of a six-pack. 3. Dumber than a box of hair. 4. A few peas short of a casserole. 5. Doesn't have all his corn flakes in one bowl. 6. One fruit loop shy of a full bowl. 7. One taco short of a combination plate. 8. Cranially challenged. 9. All foam no beer. 10. The cheese slid off of his cracker.
1. An experiment in Artificial Stupidity. 2. A few beers short of a six-pack. 3. Dumber than a box of hair. 4. A few peas short of a casserole. 5. Doesn't have all his corn flakes in one bowl. 6. One fruit loop shy of a full bowl. 7. One taco short of a combination plate. 8. Cranially challenged. 9. All foam no beer. 10. The cheese slid off of his cracker.
At a meeting for peace negotiations Bill Clinton and Saddam Hussein were in Baghdad and when bill sat down in the conference room he noticed Saddam with three buttons on the arm of his chair. After a few minutes Saddam pressed the first button and a boxing glove sprung up and hit Bill square in the jaw. In the spirit of peace Bill decided to ignore this and continued talking until Saddam pressed the second button and a wooden bat swung out and hill Bill in the chin. Saddam started laughing. But again Bill ignored this and continued. A minute later Bill saw Saddam press the third button and he jumped in the air. But a big boot sprung out and hit him in the balls. Bill had decided he had enough of this and when home. Three weeks later the peace negotiations were re-scheduled in Washington and as Saddam sat down in Bills conference room he noticed Bill had three buttons on the arm of his chair. A little while after they started talking Bill pressed the first button but nothing happened, Bill started giggling. They continued to talk then Bill pressed the second button, Saddam moved but again nothing happened. Saddam was getting a little jumpy and Bill was laughing even harder. A few minutes later Bill pressed the third button and stared pissing himself but like the others nothing happened. Saddam had enough of this, stood up and said, "That's it! I'm going back to Baghdad!" to which Bill replied "What Baghdad?"  
1. If using a touch-tone, press random numbers while ordering. Ask person taking the order to stop doing that.  2. Make up a charge-card name. Ask if they accept it.  3. Use CB lingo where applicable.  4. Order a Big Mac Extra Value Meal.  5. Terminate the call with, "Remember, we never had this conversation."  6. Tell the order taker a rival pizza place is on the other line and you're going with the lowest bidder.  7. Give them your address, exclaim "Oh, just surprise me!" and hang up.  8. Answer their questions with questions.   
1. If using a touch-tone, press random numbers while ordering. Ask person taking the order to stop doing that.  2. Make up a charge-card name. Ask if they accept it.  3. Use CB lingo where applicable.  4. Order a Big Mac Extra Value Meal.  5. Terminate the call with, "Remember, we never had this conversation."  6. Tell the order taker a rival pizza place is on the other line and you're going with the lowest bidder.  7. Give them your address, exclaim "Oh, just surprise me!" and hang up.  8. Answer their questions with questions.   
AVERAGE: Not too bright. EXCEPTIONALLY WELL QUALIFIED: Has committed no major blunders to date. ACTIVE SOCIALLY: Drinks heavily. ZEALOUS ATTITUDE: Opinionated. CHARACTER ABOVE REPROACH: Still one step ahead of the law. UNLIMITED POTENTIAL: Will stick with us until retirement.
AVERAGE: Not too bright. EXCEPTIONALLY WELL QUALIFIED: Has committed no major blunders to date. ACTIVE SOCIALLY: Drinks heavily. ZEALOUS ATTITUDE: Opinionated. CHARACTER ABOVE REPROACH: Still one step ahead of the law. UNLIMITED POTENTIAL: Will stick with us until retirement.
You haven't asked yet. I was hoping to do something meaningful with my life. Because I just love hearing this question. Just lucky, I guess. It gives my mother something to live for.
You haven't asked yet. I was hoping to do something meaningful with my life. Because I just love hearing this question. Just lucky, I guess. It gives my mother something to live for.
Page yourself over the intercom. Don't disguise your voice. Find out where your boss shops and buy exactly the same outfits. Wear them one day after you boss does. This is especially effective if your boss is of a different gender than you. Make up nicknames for all your coworkers and refer to them only by these names. "That's a good point, Sparky." "No, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to disagree with you there, Cha-Cha." Send e-mail to the rest of the company telling them exactly what you're doing. For example: "If anyone needs me, I'll be in the bathroom." Hi-Lite your shoes. Tell people you haven't lost them as much since you did this.
Page yourself over the intercom. Don't disguise your voice. Find out where your boss shops and buy exactly the same outfits. Wear them one day after you boss does. This is especially effective if your boss is of a different gender than you. Make up nicknames for all your coworkers and refer to them only by these names. "That's a good point, Sparky." "No, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to disagree with you there, Cha-Cha." Send e-mail to the rest of the company telling them exactly what you're doing. For example: "If anyone needs me, I'll be in the bathroom." Hi-Lite your shoes. Tell people you haven't lost them as much since you did this.
You can't sit through an entire movie without having at least one device on your body beep or buzz. You think of the gadgets in your office as "friends", but you forget to send your father a birthday card. You say "voice number" instead of "phone number" as the majority of phone lines in any house are linked to contraptions that talk to other contraptions. You back up your data every day. You are so knowledgeable about technology that you feel secure enough to say "I don't know" when someone asks you a technology question instead of feeling compelled to make something up. You understand all these jokes.
You can't sit through an entire movie without having at least one device on your body beep or buzz. You think of the gadgets in your office as "friends", but you forget to send your father a birthday card. You say "voice number" instead of "phone number" as the majority of phone lines in any house are linked to contraptions that talk to other contraptions. You back up your data every day. You are so knowledgeable about technology that you feel secure enough to say "I don't know" when someone asks you a technology question instead of feeling compelled to make something up. You understand all these jokes.
Chicago: One hand on wheel, one hand on horn. New York: One hand on wheel, one finger out window. New Jersey: One hand on wheel, one finger out window, cutting across all lanes of traffic. Boston: One hand on wheel, one hand on newspaper, foot solidly on accelerator.  
Chicago: One hand on wheel, one hand on horn. New York: One hand on wheel, one finger out window. New Jersey: One hand on wheel, one finger out window, cutting across all lanes of traffic. Boston: One hand on wheel, one hand on newspaper, foot solidly on accelerator.  
FLORIDA: If you think we can't vote, wait till you see us drive. FLORIDA: If you don't like the way we count then take I-95 and visit one of the other 56 states. FLORIDA: Relax, Retire, Re-vote. FLORIDA: This is what you get for taking Elian away from us. FLORIDA: We don't just cheat in football. FLORIDA: Once is never enough! FLORIDA: Don't blame me, I voted for Gore, I think. FLORIDA: Don't blame me, my vote didn't count.
FLORIDA: If you think we can't vote, wait till you see us drive. FLORIDA: If you don't like the way we count then take I-95 and visit one of the other 56 states. FLORIDA: Relax, Retire, Re-vote. FLORIDA: This is what you get for taking Elian away from us. FLORIDA: We don't just cheat in football. FLORIDA: Once is never enough! FLORIDA: Don't blame me, I voted for Gore, I think. FLORIDA: Don't blame me, my vote didn't count.
1. Ask for last months specials. 2. Place your order in three different languages if you don't know any, make them up. 3. When they repeat your order totally change it. Repeat as desired. 4. Order a whopper from McDonalds, when they say they don't have whoppers insist that they do. If they still argue demand to see a manager then when you talk to them order a normal meal and say i don't know what's up with kids these days. 5. Go to any burger joint and order Chinese. 6. When ordering in the drive through, ask if its happy hour on draft beer. 7. In summer turn stereo up full volume to Christmas music while ordering in drive through. 8. Drive in the drive through, park, then go inside and order. 9. Go through the drive through in reverse, again. 10. Wait for the busiest time of day, after paying get out of car, get jack out of trunk and proceed to rotate tires.
Four high school boys afflicted with spring fever skipped morning classes. After lunch they reported to the teacher that they had a flat tire.   Much to their relief she smiled and said, "Well, you missed a test today so take seats apart from one another and take out a piece of paper."   Still smiling, she waited for them to sit down. Then she said, "First Question: Which tire was flat?"
A man came home from work after a horrible day at the office. His wife has complained to him over and over that he never notices her anymore, and he denied it. When he comes through the door his wife greets him and says,  "Hi, Honey. Notice anything different about me today?"  "Oh, I don't know. You got your hair done."  "Nope, try again."  "Oh, uh, you bought a new dress."  "Nope, keep trying."  "You got your nails done."  "Nope, try again."  "I give up, I'm too tired to play 20 questions."  "I'm wearing a gas mask!"
A biology graduate student went to Borneo to take some samples for his thesis work. He flew there, found a guide with a canoe to take him up the river to the remote site he where he would make his collections. About noon on the second day of travel up the river they began to hear drums. Being a city boy by nature, the biologist was disturbed by this. He asked the guide, "What are those drums?" The guide turned to him and said, "Drums OK, but VERY BAD when they stop."  Well the biologist settled down a little at this, and things went reasonably well for about two weeks. Then, just as they were packing up the camp to leave, the drums suddenly stopped! This hit the biologist like a ton of bricks (to coin a phrase), and he yelled at the guide,  "The Drums have stopped, what happens now?"  The guide crouched down, covered his head with his hands and said:  "Bass Solo"
When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in the movie theater, he walked over and whispered "Sorry sir, but you are allowed only one seat." The man moaned but didn't budge. "Sir," the usher said more loudly, "if you don't move, I'll have to call the manager." The man moaned again but stayed where he was. The usher left and returned with the manager, who, after several attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police. The cop looked at the reclining man and said, "All right, what's your name, joker?" "Joe", he mumbled. "And where are you from, Joe?" Joe responds painfully, "The balcony!"
1. Ask for last months specials. 2. Place your order in three different languages if you don't know any, make them up. 3. When they repeat your order totally change it. Repeat as desired. 4. Order a whopper from McDonalds, when they say they don't have whoppers insist that they do. If they still argue demand to see a manager then when you talk to them order a normal meal and say i don't know what's up with kids these days. 5. Go to any burger joint and order Chinese. 6. When ordering in the drive through, ask if its happy hour on draft beer. 7. In summer turn stereo up full volume to Christmas music while ordering in drive through. 8. Drive in the drive through, park, then go inside and order. 9. Go through the drive through in reverse, again. 10. Wait for the busiest time of day, after paying get out of car, get jack out of trunk and proceed to rotate tires.
Bob stood over his tee sot for what seemed an eternity. He waggled, looked up, looked down, waggled again, but didn't start his back swing. Finally his exasperated partner asked, "what the hell is taking so long?" "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse," Bob explained. "I want to make a perfect shot." "Good lord!" his companion exclaimed. "You don't have a snowball's chance in hell of hitting her from here."
Bob stood over his tee sot for what seemed an eternity. He waggled, looked up, looked down, waggled again, but didn't start his back swing. Finally his exasperated partner asked, "what the hell is taking so long?" "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse," Bob explained. "I want to make a perfect shot." "Good lord!" his companion exclaimed. "You don't have a snowball's chance in hell of hitting her from here."
Fifteen minutes into the flight from Kansas City to Toronto, the captain announced, "Ladies and gentlemen, one of our engines has failed. There is nothing to worry about. Our flight will take an hour longer than scheduled, but we still have three engines left."  Thirty minutes later the captain announced, "One more engine has failed and the flight will take an additional two hours. But don't worry ... we can fly just fine on two engines."  An hour later the captain announced, "One more engine has failed and our arrival will be delayed another three hours. But don't worry ... we still have one engine left."  A young child passenger turned to his mother in the next seat and remarked, "If we lose one more engine, we'll be up here all day!"
Q: Which way did the programmer go? A: He went DATA way!
A businessman dragged himself home and barely made it to his chair before he dropped exhausted. His sympathetic wife was right there with a tall cool drink and a comforting word. "My, you look tired," she said. "You must have had a hard day today. What happened to make you so exhausted?" "It was terrible," her husband said. "The computer broke down and all of us had to do our own thinking."
A businessman dragged himself home and barely made it to his chair before he dropped exhausted. His sympathetic wife was right there with a tall cool drink and a comforting word. "My, you look tired," she said. "You must have had a hard day today. What happened to make you so exhausted?" "It was terrible," her husband said. "The computer broke down and all of us had to do our own thinking."
Did you hear that Netscape is moving to Tel-Aviv, Israel?  They're going to rename themself "Netan-Yahoo"   
A soldier was asked to report to headquarters for assignment. The sergeant said: "We have a critical shortage of typists. I'll give you a little test. Type this," he ordered, giving him a pamphlet to copy and a sheet of paper, and pointing to a desk across the room that held a typewriter and an adding machine.  The man, quite reluctant to become a clerk typist, made a point of typing very slowly, and saw to it that his work contained as many errors as possible. The sergeant gave the typed copy only a brief glance. "That's fine," he said; "Report for work at 8 tomorrow." "But aren't you going to check the test?" the prospective clerk asked. The sergeant grinned. "You passed the test," he replied, "when you sat down at the typewriter instead of at the adding machine."
A soldier was asked to report to headquarters for assignment. The sergeant said: "We have a critical shortage of typists. I'll give you a little test. Type this," he ordered, giving him a pamphlet to copy and a sheet of paper, and pointing to a desk across the room that held a typewriter and an adding machine.  The man, quite reluctant to become a clerk typist, made a point of typing very slowly, and saw to it that his work contained as many errors as possible. The sergeant gave the typed copy only a brief glance. "That's fine," he said; "Report for work at 8 tomorrow." "But aren't you going to check the test?" the prospective clerk asked. The sergeant grinned. "You passed the test," he replied, "when you sat down at the typewriter instead of at the adding machine."
A guy was walking beside a pond when a frog jumped out and told him that she was really a beautiful princess and if he were to kiss her, she would make him VERY happy! He picked up the frog and put it into his pocket.  A few minutes later, the frog poked her head out and said, "Didn't you hear me?! I'm a beautiful princess and if you kiss me I will stay with you and do ANYTHING you want!"  The guy took the frog out and said, "Look, I understand what you are saying, but I am a computer programmer and right now I don't have time for a girlfriend,........but a talking FROG is REALLY, REALLY COOL!"
Q: Which way did the programmer go? A: He went DATA way!
Did you hear that Netscape is moving to Tel-Aviv, Israel?  They're going to rename themself "Netan-Yahoo"   
An Antartian was standing in front of a soda machine muttering, "You're a dumb-looking button. You don't have much of a future, either. You're going to be replaced by a much better looking button." "What are you doing?" another Antartian asked. The Antartian quickly pointed to the sign on the front of the machine that read "DEPRESS BUTTON FOR ICE".
An Antartian was standing in front of a soda machine muttering, "You're a dumb-looking button. You don't have much of a future, either. You're going to be replaced by a much better looking button." "What are you doing?" another Antartian asked. The Antartian quickly pointed to the sign on the front of the machine that read "DEPRESS BUTTON FOR ICE".
What did the man with the one hand do?  He went to the second hand shop!
When the usher noticed a man stretched across three seats in the movie theater, he walked over and whispered "Sorry sir, but you are allowed only one seat." The man moaned but didn't budge. "Sir," the usher said more loudly, "if you don't move, I'll have to call the manager." The man moaned again but stayed where he was. The usher left and returned with the manager, who, after several attempts at dislodging the fellow, called the police. The cop looked at the reclining man and said, "All right, what's your name, joker?" "Joe", he mumbled. "And where are you from, Joe?" Joe responds painfully, "The balcony!"
A man enters his local bar holding a frog and an iguana. He sets them down on the bar and says to the bartender, "I bet you $1000 that my frog here can sing any song you can think of." "Ok," says the bartender. "How 'bout 'Blue Moon'?" The man whispers something to the frog, and the frog starts singing blue moon. "That's amazing," says the bartender as he slaps down $1000. "I'll bet ya another $1000 that my iguana here can do that to." "Ok, I can believe a frog, but not an iguana. You're on. Have him sing the Star Spangled Banner." The man whispers something to the iguana and it sings the Star Spangled Banner. As the bartender hands over another $1000, a businessman comes up and says, "I just saw that and I was amazed. I want to buy your iguana for $100,000." The man said ok, and he exchanged the iguana for the money and the businessman left. The bartender said "What are you nuts?! You could have made millions with that iguana!" The man said "Oh, the iguana can't sing. The frog's a ventriloquist."
A man enters his local bar holding a frog and an iguana. He sets them down on the bar and says to the bartender, "I bet you $1000 that my frog here can sing any song you can think of." "Ok," says the bartender. "How 'bout 'Blue Moon'?" The man whispers something to the frog, and the frog starts singing blue moon. "That's amazing," says the bartender as he slaps down $1000. "I'll bet ya another $1000 that my iguana here can do that to." "Ok, I can believe a frog, but not an iguana. You're on. Have him sing the Star Spangled Banner." The man whispers something to the iguana and it sings the Star Spangled Banner. As the bartender hands over another $1000, a businessman comes up and says, "I just saw that and I was amazed. I want to buy your iguana for $100,000." The man said ok, and he exchanged the iguana for the money and the businessman left. The bartender said "What are you nuts?! You could have made millions with that iguana!" The man said "Oh, the iguana can't sing. The frog's a ventriloquist."
Why couldn't the pony talk?   He was a little ho(a)rse!
What did the man with the one hand do?  He went to the second hand shop!
A Tourist was driving down a country road in Kentucky when he saw a little boy walking down the road with only one shoe on.  He stopped and said, "What's the matter son? Did you lose a shoe?"  The boy says, "Nope! Just found one."
A Tourist was driving down a country road in Kentucky when he saw a little boy walking down the road with only one shoe on.  He stopped and said, "What's the matter son? Did you lose a shoe?"  The boy says, "Nope! Just found one."
An Antartian woman visited a psychic of some local repute. In a dark and hazy room, peering into a crystal ball, the mystic delivered grave news: "There's no easy way to say this, so I'll just be blunt - prepare yourself to be a widow. Your husband will die a violent and horrible death this year." Visibly shaken, the Antartian stared at the woman's lined face, then at the single flickering candle, then down at her hands. She took a few deep breaths to compose herself. She simply had to know. She met the fortune teller's gaze, steadied her voice, and asked: "Will I be acquitted?"
An Antartian woman visited a psychic of some local repute. In a dark and hazy room, peering into a crystal ball, the mystic delivered grave news: "There's no easy way to say this, so I'll just be blunt - prepare yourself to be a widow. Your husband will die a violent and horrible death this year." Visibly shaken, the Antartian stared at the woman's lined face, then at the single flickering candle, then down at her hands. She took a few deep breaths to compose herself. She simply had to know. She met the fortune teller's gaze, steadied her voice, and asked: "Will I be acquitted?"
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.  
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.  
Why did the Antartian stare at the frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  Because it said, "concentrate.
Why did the Antartian stare at the frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  Because it said, "concentrate.
DIRECTIONS for MICROSOFT TV DINNER  1. You must first remove the plastic cover. By doing so you agree to accept and honor Microsoft rights to all TV dinners.  2. You may not give anyone else a bite of your dinner (which would constitute an infringement of Microsoft's rights). You may, however, let others smell and look at your dinner and are encouraged to tell them how good it is.  3. If you have a PC microwave oven, insert the dinner into the oven. Set the oven using these keystrokes: mstv.dinn.//08.5min@50%heat// Then enter:  4. If you have a Mac oven, insert the dinner and press start. The oven will set itself and cook the dinner. Be forewarned that Microsoft dinners may crash, in which case your oven must be restarted.  5. Remove the dinner from the oven and enter to be repeated. Try unplugging the microwave and then doing a cold reboot. If this doesn't work, contact your hardware vendor.  6. Many users have reported that the dinner tray is far too big, larger than the dinner itself, having many useless compartments, most of which are empty. These are for future menu items. 7. If the tray is too large to fit in your oven you will need to upgrade your equipment.  7. If you want another variety, call Microsoft Help and they will explain that you really don't want another variety. Microsoft Chicken is all you really need.  8. Microsoft has disclosed plans to discontinue all smaller versions of their chicken dinners. Future releases will only be in the larger family size.  9. Microsoft promises a dessert with every dinner after '98. However, that version has yet to be released. Users have permission to get thrilled in advance.  10. Microsoft dinners may be incompatible with other dinners in the freezer, causing your freezer to self-defrost. This is a feature, not a bug. Your freezer probably should have been defrosted anyway.
DIRECTIONS for MICROSOFT TV DINNER  1. You must first remove the plastic cover. By doing so you agree to accept and honor Microsoft rights to all TV dinners.  2. You may not give anyone else a bite of your dinner (which would constitute an infringement of Microsoft's rights). You may, however, let others smell and look at your dinner and are encouraged to tell them how good it is.  3. If you have a PC microwave oven, insert the dinner into the oven. Set the oven using these keystrokes: mstv.dinn.//08.5min@50%heat// Then enter:  4. If you have a Mac oven, insert the dinner and press start. The oven will set itself and cook the dinner. Be forewarned that Microsoft dinners may crash, in which case your oven must be restarted.  5. Remove the dinner from the oven and enter to be repeated. Try unplugging the microwave and then doing a cold reboot. If this doesn't work, contact your hardware vendor.  6. Many users have reported that the dinner tray is far too big, larger than the dinner itself, having many useless compartments, most of which are empty. These are for future menu items. 7. If the tray is too large to fit in your oven you will need to upgrade your equipment.  7. If you want another variety, call Microsoft Help and they will explain that you really don't want another variety. Microsoft Chicken is all you really need.  8. Microsoft has disclosed plans to discontinue all smaller versions of their chicken dinners. Future releases will only be in the larger family size.  9. Microsoft promises a dessert with every dinner after '98. However, that version has yet to be released. Users have permission to get thrilled in advance.  10. Microsoft dinners may be incompatible with other dinners in the freezer, causing your freezer to self-defrost. This is a feature, not a bug. Your freezer probably should have been defrosted anyway.
At a recent computer expo (COMDEX), Bill Gates reportedly compared the computer industry with the auto industry and stated "If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving twenty-five dollar cars that got 1000 mi/gal."  Recently General Motors addressed this comment by releasing the statement: "Yes, but would you want your car to crash twice a day?"  Not only that, but....  Every time they repainted the lines on the road you would have to buy a new car.  Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason, and you would just accept this, restart and drive on.  Occasionally, executing a maneuver would cause your car to stop and fail and you would have to re-install the engine. For some strange reason, you would accept this too.  You could only have one person in the car at a time, unless you bought "Car95" or "CarNT". But, then you would have to buy more seats.  Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast, twice as easy to drive, but would only run on five percent of the roads.  The Macintosh car owners would get expensive Microsoft upgrades to their cars, which would make their cars run much slower.  The oil, gas and alternator warning lights would be replaced by a single "general car default" warning light.  New seats would force everyone to have the same size butt.  The airbag system would say "are you sure?" before going off.  If you were involved in a crash, you would have no idea what happened.
At a recent computer expo (COMDEX), Bill Gates reportedly compared the computer industry with the auto industry and stated "If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving twenty-five dollar cars that got 1000 mi/gal."  Recently General Motors addressed this comment by releasing the statement: "Yes, but would you want your car to crash twice a day?"  Not only that, but....  Every time they repainted the lines on the road you would have to buy a new car.  Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason, and you would just accept this, restart and drive on.  Occasionally, executing a maneuver would cause your car to stop and fail and you would have to re-install the engine. For some strange reason, you would accept this too.  You could only have one person in the car at a time, unless you bought "Car95" or "CarNT". But, then you would have to buy more seats.  Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast, twice as easy to drive, but would only run on five percent of the roads.  The Macintosh car owners would get expensive Microsoft upgrades to their cars, which would make their cars run much slower.  The oil, gas and alternator warning lights would be replaced by a single "general car default" warning light.  New seats would force everyone to have the same size butt.  The airbag system would say "are you sure?" before going off.  If you were involved in a crash, you would have no idea what happened.
What kind of dog tells time?  A watch dog.
What kind of dog tells time?  A watch dog.
What do you call a sleeping bull?  A bull-dozer.
What do you call a sleeping bull?  A bull-dozer.
Cat Lover's Rules:  1. The cat is not allowed in the house.  2. OK, the cat is allowed in the house, but only in certain rooms.  3. Ok, the cat is allowed in all rooms, but must stay off the furniture.  4. The cat can get on the old furniture only.  5. Fine, the cat is allowed on all the furniture, but it is not allowed to sleep with the humans on the bed.  6. The cat can sleep on the bed, but not under the covers or on the pillow.  7. OK, The cat can sleep under the covers and on the pillow by invitation only.  8. Well, ok, the cat can sleep under the covers every night and on the pillow too.  9. Humans must ask permission to sleep under the cover with the cat; only the cat can sleep on the pillow.
Cat Lover's Rules:  1. The cat is not allowed in the house.  2. OK, the cat is allowed in the house, but only in certain rooms.  3. Ok, the cat is allowed in all rooms, but must stay off the furniture.  4. The cat can get on the old furniture only.  5. Fine, the cat is allowed on all the furniture, but it is not allowed to sleep with the humans on the bed.  6. The cat can sleep on the bed, but not under the covers or on the pillow.  7. OK, The cat can sleep under the covers and on the pillow by invitation only.  8. Well, ok, the cat can sleep under the covers every night and on the pillow too.  9. Humans must ask permission to sleep under the cover with the cat; only the cat can sleep on the pillow.
One day an Antartian decided to face her fears and go riding on a horse. It was easy for her to get on and she was doing just fine until the horse started to go faster. She started slipping off the saddle. She couldn’t hold on to the horse and her head started hitting the ground. She was almost knocked unconscious when the Wal-Mart manager came out and unplugged the machine. 
One day an Antartian decided to face her fears and go riding on a horse. It was easy for her to get on and she was doing just fine until the horse started to go faster. She started slipping off the saddle. She couldn’t hold on to the horse and her head started hitting the ground. She was almost knocked unconscious when the Wal-Mart manager came out and unplugged the machine. 
Having arrived at the edge of the river, the fisherman soon realized he had forgotten to bring any bait. Just then he happened to see a little snake passing by who had caught a worm. The fisherman snatched up the snake and robbed him of his worm. Feeling sorry for the little snake with no lunch, he snatched him up again and poured a little beer down his throat. Then he went about his fishing. An hour or so later the fisherman felt a tug at his pant leg. Looking down, he saw the same snake with three more worms in his mouth...
Having arrived at the edge of the river, the fisherman soon realized he had forgotten to bring any bait. Just then he happened to see a little snake passing by who had caught a worm. The fisherman snatched up the snake and robbed him of his worm. Feeling sorry for the little snake with no lunch, he snatched him up again and poured a little beer down his throat. Then he went about his fishing. An hour or so later the fisherman felt a tug at his pant leg. Looking down, he saw the same snake with three more worms in his mouth...
An Antartian boy and his father were visiting a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and back together again. The boy asked his father, "What is this, Father?" The father (never having  seen an elevator) responded "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is." While the boy and his father were watching wide-eyed, an old lady in a wheel chair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched small circles of lights with numbers above the walls light up. They continued to watch the circles light up in the reverse direction. The walls opened up again and a beautiful 24-year-old woman stepped out. The father said to his son, "Go get your mother."
An Antartian was walking through the Sahara desert, desperate for water, when he saw something, far off in the distance. Hoping to find water, he walked towards the image, only to find a little old man sitting at a card table with a bunch of neckties laid out on it. The Antartian asked, "Please, I'm dying of thirst, can I have some water?" The man replied, "I don't have any water, but why don't you buy a tie? Here's one that goes nicely with your robe." The Antartian shouted, "I don't want a tie, you idiot, I need water!" "OK, don't buy a tie. But to show you what a nice guy I am, I'll tell you that over that hill there, about 4 miles, is a nice restaurant. Walk that way, they'll give you all the water you want." The Antartian thanked him and walked away towards the hill and eventually disappeared. Three hours later the Antartian came crawling back to where the man was sitting behind his card table. The old man said, "I told you, about 4 miles over that hill. Couldn't you find it?" The Antartian rasped, "I found it all right but they wouldn't let me in without a
An Antartian was walking through the Sahara desert, desperate for water, when he saw something, far off in the distance. Hoping to find water, he walked towards the image, only to find a little old man sitting at a card table with a bunch of neckties laid out on it. The Antartian asked, "Please, I'm dying of thirst, can I have some water?" The man replied, "I don't have any water, but why don't you buy a tie? Here's one that goes nicely with your robe." The Antartian shouted, "I don't want a tie, you idiot, I need water!" "OK, don't buy a tie. But to show you what a nice guy I am, I'll tell you that over that hill there, about 4 miles, is a nice restaurant. Walk that way, they'll give you all the water you want." The Antartian thanked him and walked away towards the hill and eventually disappeared. Three hours later the Antartian came crawling back to where the man was sitting behind his card table. The old man said, "I told you, about 4 miles over that hill. Couldn't you find it?" The Antartian rasped, "I found it all right but they wouldn't let me in without a
Top 22 signs you've had too much of the 90's   22. Cleaning up the dining area means getting the fast food bags out of the back seat of your car. 21. Your reason for not staying in touch with family is that they do not have e-mail addresses. 20. Keeping up with sports entails adding ESPN's homepage to your bookmarks. 19. You have a "to do list" that includes entries for lunch and bathroom breaks and they are usually the ones that never get crossed off. 18. You have actually faxed your Christmas list to your parents. 17. Pick up lines now include a reference to liquid assets and capital gains. 16. You consider 2nd day air delivery painfully slow. 15. You assume the question to valet park or not is rhetorical. 14. You refer to your dining room table as the flat filing cabinet. 13. Your idea of being organized is multiple colored post-it notes. 12. Your grocery list has been on your refrigerator so long some of the products don't even exist any more. 11. You lecture the neighborhood kids selling lemonade on ways to improve their profits. 10. You get all excited when it's Saturday and you can wear sweats to work. 9. You refer to the tomatoes grown in your garden as deliverables. 8. You find you really need PowerPoint to explain what you do for a living. 7. You normally eat out of vending machines and at the most expensive restaurant in town within the same week. 6. You think that "progressing an action plan" and "calendarizing a project" are acceptable English phrases. 5. You know the people at the airport hotels better than you know your next door neighbors. 4. You ask your friends to "think out of the box" when making Friday night plans. 3. You think Einstein would have been more effective had he put his ideas into a matrix. 2. You think a "half-day" means leaving at 5 o'clock. The #1 sign you've had too much of the 90's: ** You hear most of your jokes via email (or the web) instead of in person
Top 22 signs you've had too much of the 90's   22. Cleaning up the dining area means getting the fast food bags out of the back seat of your car. 21. Your reason for not staying in touch with family is that they do not have e-mail addresses. 20. Keeping up with sports entails adding ESPN's homepage to your bookmarks. 19. You have a "to do list" that includes entries for lunch and bathroom breaks and they are usually the ones that never get crossed off. 18. You have actually faxed your Christmas list to your parents. 17. Pick up lines now include a reference to liquid assets and capital gains. 16. You consider 2nd day air delivery painfully slow. 15. You assume the question to valet park or not is rhetorical. 14. You refer to your dining room table as the flat filing cabinet. 13. Your idea of being organized is multiple colored post-it notes. 12. Your grocery list has been on your refrigerator so long some of the products don't even exist any more. 11. You lecture the neighborhood kids selling lemonade on ways to improve their profits. 10. You get all excited when it's Saturday and you can wear sweats to work. 9. You refer to the tomatoes grown in your garden as deliverables. 8. You find you really need PowerPoint to explain what you do for a living. 7. You normally eat out of vending machines and at the most expensive restaurant in town within the same week. 6. You think that "progressing an action plan" and "calendarizing a project" are acceptable English phrases. 5. You know the people at the airport hotels better than you know your next door neighbors. 4. You ask your friends to "think out of the box" when making Friday night plans. 3. You think Einstein would have been more effective had he put his ideas into a matrix. 2. You think a "half-day" means leaving at 5 o'clock. The #1 sign you've had too much of the 90's: ** You hear most of your jokes via email (or the web) instead of in person
A train was traveling to California carrying truckloads of potatoes. On the way, the train jumped the track and all the potatoes spilled out. Two potatoes met, fell in love and got married. They had a baby girl named Sweet Potato. She grew up to be 18 years old, and came home one way and said she wanted to get married. Her parents asked whom she wanted to marry. She replied "Walter Cronkite." Her parents started weeping, crying and wailing. Her mother said she could not marry him. Sweet Potato asked why not, she loved him. Her mother replied "Why would you want to marry him, he's just a commentator (common tator)."
A train was traveling to California carrying truckloads of potatoes. On the way, the train jumped the track and all the potatoes spilled out. Two potatoes met, fell in love and got married. They had a baby girl named Sweet Potato. She grew up to be 18 years old, and came home one way and said she wanted to get married. Her parents asked whom she wanted to marry. She replied "Walter Cronkite." Her parents started weeping, crying and wailing. Her mother said she could not marry him. Sweet Potato asked why not, she loved him. Her mother replied "Why would you want to marry him, he's just a commentator (common tator)."
COMPUTER TERMS - TEXAS TRANSLATION: LOG ON: Making a wood stove hotter. LOG OFF: Don't add no more wood. MONITOR: Keeping an eye on the wood stove. DOWNLOAD: Gettin' the farwood off the truck MEGA HERTZ: When yer not keerful gettin' the farwood FLOPPY DISC: Whatcha git from tryin to carry too much farwood RAM: That thing tha splits the farwood HARD DRIVE: Gettin' home in the winter time PROMPT: What the mail ain't in the winter time WINDOWS: What to shut when it's cold outside SCREEN: What to shut when it's black fly season BYTE: What them dang flies do CHIP: Munchies fer the TV MICRO CHIP: What's in the bottom of the munchie bag MODEM: Whatcha did to the hay fields DOT MATRIX: Old Dan Matrix's wife LAP TOP: Where the kitty sleeps KEYBOARD: Where ya hang the dang truck keys SOFTWARE: Them dang plastic forks and knives MOUSE: What eats the grain in the barn MOUSE PAD: That's hippie talk fer the mouse hole MAIN FRAME: Holds up the barn roof ENTER: Northerner talk fer "c'mon in, y'all" RANDOM ACCESS MEMORY: When ya can't 'member what ya paid fer the rifle
COMPUTER TERMS - TEXAS TRANSLATION: LOG ON: Making a wood stove hotter. LOG OFF: Don't add no more wood. MONITOR: Keeping an eye on the wood stove. DOWNLOAD: Gettin' the farwood off the truck MEGA HERTZ: When yer not keerful gettin' the farwood FLOPPY DISC: Whatcha git from tryin to carry too much farwood RAM: That thing tha splits the farwood HARD DRIVE: Gettin' home in the winter time PROMPT: What the mail ain't in the winter time WINDOWS: What to shut when it's cold outside SCREEN: What to shut when it's black fly season BYTE: What them dang flies do CHIP: Munchies fer the TV MICRO CHIP: What's in the bottom of the munchie bag MODEM: Whatcha did to the hay fields DOT MATRIX: Old Dan Matrix's wife LAP TOP: Where the kitty sleeps KEYBOARD: Where ya hang the dang truck keys SOFTWARE: Them dang plastic forks and knives MOUSE: What eats the grain in the barn MOUSE PAD: That's hippie talk fer the mouse hole MAIN FRAME: Holds up the barn roof ENTER: Northerner talk fer "c'mon in, y'all" RANDOM ACCESS MEMORY: When ya can't 'member what ya paid fer the rifle
A husband and wife were at a party chatting with some friends when the subject of marriage counseling came up. "Oh! We’ll never need that. My husband and I have a great relationship," the wife explained. "He was a communications major in college, and I majored in theater arts. He communicates really well, and I just act like I'm listening." 
A husband and wife were at a party chatting with some friends when the subject of marriage counseling came up. "Oh! We’ll never need that. My husband and I have a great relationship," the wife explained. "He was a communications major in college, and I majored in theater arts. He communicates really well, and I just act like I'm listening." 
A defendant in a lawsuit involving large sums of money was talking to his lawyer. "If I lose this case, I'll be ruined." "It's in the judge's hands now," said the lawyer. "Would it help if I sent the judge a box of cigars?" "Oh no! This judge is a stickler or ethical behavior. A stunt like that would prejudice him against you. He might even hold you in contempt of court. In fact, you shouldn't even smile at the judge." Within the course of time, the judge rendered a decision in favor of the defendant. As the defendant left the courthouse, he said to his lawyer, "Thanks for the tip about the cigars. It worked!" "I'm sure we would have lost the case if you'd sent them." "But, I did send them." "What? You did?" said the lawyer, incredulously. "Yes. That's how we won the case." "I don't understand," said the lawyer. "It's easy. I sent the cigars to the judge, but enclosed the plaintiff's business card."
A defendant in a lawsuit involving large sums of money was talking to his lawyer. "If I lose this case, I'll be ruined." "It's in the judge's hands now," said the lawyer. "Would it help if I sent the judge a box of cigars?" "Oh no! This judge is a stickler or ethical behavior. A stunt like that would prejudice him against you. He might even hold you in contempt of court. In fact, you shouldn't even smile at the judge." Within the course of time, the judge rendered a decision in favor of the defendant. As the defendant left the courthouse, he said to his lawyer, "Thanks for the tip about the cigars. It worked!" "I'm sure we would have lost the case if you'd sent them." "But, I did send them." "What? You did?" said the lawyer, incredulously. "Yes. That's how we won the case." "I don't understand," said the lawyer. "It's easy. I sent the cigars to the judge, but enclosed the plaintiff's business card."
Sausages  There were two sausages in a pan. One sausage said, "Man, its hot in here!" The other sausage said, "Ahhh.... a talking sausage!"
20 Ways To Confuse Trick-Or-Treaters  II 11. Hand out menus to the trick-or-treaters and let them order their candy. Keep asking if anyone wants to see the wine list.  12. Get a catapult. Sit on your porch and catapult pumpkins at anyone who comes within 50 yards of your house.  13. When people come to the door, jump out a nearby window, crashing through the glass, and run as far away from your house as you can.  14. Answer the door dressed as a pilgrim. Stare at the trick-or-treaters for a moment, pretend to be confused, and start flipping through a calendar.  15. Instead of candy, give away colored eggs. If anyone protests, explain that the eggs are the only thing you had left over from Easter.  16. Answer the door dressed as a dentist. Angrily give the trick-or-treaters a two-hour lecture on tooth decay.  17. Answer the door with a mouthful of M & M's and several half-eaten candy bars in your hands. Act surprised, and close the door. Open it again in a few seconds, and insist that you don't have any candy.  18. Hand out cigarettes and bottles of asprin.  19. Put a crown on a pumpkin and put the pumpkin on a throne on your porch. Insist that all of the trick-or-treaters bow before the pumpkin.  20. Dress up like a bunny rabbit. Yell and curse from the moment you  open the door, and angrily throw the candy at the  trick-or-treaters. Slam the door when you're finished.
20 Ways To Confuse Trick-Or-Treaters  II 11. Hand out menus to the trick-or-treaters and let them order their candy. Keep asking if anyone wants to see the wine list.  12. Get a catapult. Sit on your porch and catapult pumpkins at anyone who comes within 50 yards of your house.  13. When people come to the door, jump out a nearby window, crashing through the glass, and run as far away from your house as you can.  14. Answer the door dressed as a pilgrim. Stare at the trick-or-treaters for a moment, pretend to be confused, and start flipping through a calendar.  15. Instead of candy, give away colored eggs. If anyone protests, explain that the eggs are the only thing you had left over from Easter.  16. Answer the door dressed as a dentist. Angrily give the trick-or-treaters a two-hour lecture on tooth decay.  17. Answer the door with a mouthful of M & M's and several half-eaten candy bars in your hands. Act surprised, and close the door. Open it again in a few seconds, and insist that you don't have any candy.  18. Hand out cigarettes and bottles of asprin.  19. Put a crown on a pumpkin and put the pumpkin on a throne on your porch. Insist that all of the trick-or-treaters bow before the pumpkin.  20. Dress up like a bunny rabbit. Yell and curse from the moment you  open the door, and angrily throw the candy at the  trick-or-treaters. Slam the door when you're finished.
20 Ways To Confuse Trick-Or-Treaters  I  1. Give away something other than candy. (Toothpicks, golf balls, bags of sand, etc.)  2. Wait behind the door until some people come. When they get near the door, jump out, wearing a costume, and holding a bag, and yell,  "Trick or Treat!" Look at them, scratch your head, and act confused.  3. Fill a briefcase with marbles and crackers. Write on it, "Top Secret" in big letters. When trick-or-treaters come, look around  suspiciously, say, "It's about time you got here," give them the briefcase, and quickly shut the door.  4. Get about 30 people to wait in your living room. When  trick-or-treaters come to the door, say, "Come in." When they do, have everyone yell, "Surprise!!!" Act like it's a surprise party.  5. Get everyone who comes to the door to come in and see if they can figure out what's wrong with your dishwasher. Insist that it makes  an unnatural "whirring" sound.  6. After you give them candy, hand the trick-or-treaters a bill.  7. Open the door dressed as a giant fish. Immediately collapse, and don't move or say anything until the trick-or-treaters go away.  8. When you answer the door, hold up one candybar, throw it out into the street, and yell, "Crawl for it!"  9. When you answer the door, look at the trick-or-treaters, act shocked and scared, and start screaming your head off. Slam the  door and runaround the house, screaming until they go away.  10. Insist that the trick-or-treaters each do ten push-ups before you give them any candy.
20 Ways To Confuse Trick-Or-Treaters  I  1. Give away something other than candy. (Toothpicks, golf balls, bags of sand, etc.)  2. Wait behind the door until some people come. When they get near the door, jump out, wearing a costume, and holding a bag, and yell,  "Trick or Treat!" Look at them, scratch your head, and act confused.  3. Fill a briefcase with marbles and crackers. Write on it, "Top Secret" in big letters. When trick-or-treaters come, look around  suspiciously, say, "It's about time you got here," give them the briefcase, and quickly shut the door.  4. Get about 30 people to wait in your living room. When  trick-or-treaters come to the door, say, "Come in." When they do, have everyone yell, "Surprise!!!" Act like it's a surprise party.  5. Get everyone who comes to the door to come in and see if they can figure out what's wrong with your dishwasher. Insist that it makes  an unnatural "whirring" sound.  6. After you give them candy, hand the trick-or-treaters a bill.  7. Open the door dressed as a giant fish. Immediately collapse, and don't move or say anything until the trick-or-treaters go away.  8. When you answer the door, hold up one candybar, throw it out into the street, and yell, "Crawl for it!"  9. When you answer the door, look at the trick-or-treaters, act shocked and scared, and start screaming your head off. Slam the  door and runaround the house, screaming until they go away.  10. Insist that the trick-or-treaters each do ten push-ups before you give them any candy.
Halloween Funnies V  What kind of cereal do monsters eat?- Ghost-Toasties  Mommy, mommy, teacher keeps saying I look like a werewolf.- Be quiet, dear, and go and comb your face  What kind of monster is safe to put in the washing machine?- A wash and wear wolf  What's the first thing ghosts do when they get into a car?- They boo-kle their seatbelts  What has webbed feet, feathers, fangs and goes quack-quack?- Count Duckula  What game do little cannibals like to play at parties?- Swallow the leader  Why are monsters huge and hairy and ugly?- Because if they were small and round and smooth they'd be M&M's
Halloween Funnies V  What kind of cereal do monsters eat?- Ghost-Toasties  Mommy, mommy, teacher keeps saying I look like a werewolf.- Be quiet, dear, and go and comb your face  What kind of monster is safe to put in the washing machine?- A wash and wear wolf  What's the first thing ghosts do when they get into a car?- They boo-kle their seatbelts  What has webbed feet, feathers, fangs and goes quack-quack?- Count Duckula  What game do little cannibals like to play at parties?- Swallow the leader  Why are monsters huge and hairy and ugly?- Because if they were small and round and smooth they'd be M&M's
Halloween Funnies IV What's pink and gray and wrinkly and old and belongs to Grandpa monster? - Grandma monster  Why did the monster eat a light bulb?- Because he was in need of a light snack  Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?- Have you ever tried to iron a monster?  What kind of mistakes do spooks make?- Boo boos  Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? Because of his coffin  Why do mummies make excellent spies?- They're good at keeping things under wraps
What do you get when a cow goes to the Beach with tanning oil?  Pre-tanned leather.
An elderly man constantly called his doctor at all hours of the day and night and would then keep him on the phone with a litany of imagined ailments. Finally the doctor could take it no longer. "Listen, Mr. Becker. If you wake me up again in the middle of the night with another one of your tales about some made-up ailment, i am going to insist you go to another physician. Have I made myself clear?" And he hung up the phone. A week later, the unfortunate man slipped and fell down a flight of stairs, breaking his hip, two ribs, en elbow, and suffering a concussion. He was rushed to the hospital and put in intensive care. An hour later, his doctor walked in on him, saw his condition, and beamed, "Now I think you're getting the hang of it!" 
An elderly man constantly called his doctor at all hours of the day and night and would then keep him on the phone with a litany of imagined ailments. Finally the doctor could take it no longer. "Listen, Mr. Becker. If you wake me up again in the middle of the night with another one of your tales about some made-up ailment, i am going to insist you go to another physician. Have I made myself clear?" And he hung up the phone. A week later, the unfortunate man slipped and fell down a flight of stairs, breaking his hip, two ribs, en elbow, and suffering a concussion. He was rushed to the hospital and put in intensive care. An hour later, his doctor walked in on him, saw his condition, and beamed, "Now I think you're getting the hang of it!" 
Sausages  There were two sausages in a pan. One sausage said, "Man, its hot in here!" The other sausage said, "Ahhh.... a talking sausage!"
Halloween Funnies I Why do mummies make excellent spies? They're good at keeping things under wraps.  Why don't witches like to ride their brooms when they're angry? They're afraid of flying off the handle!  Who won the skeleton beauty contest? No body  What do skeletons say before they begin dining? Bone appetit !  Where do baby ghosts go during the day? Dayscare centers  Who did Frankenstein take to the prom? His ghoul friend.
Halloween Funnies What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? Bamboo.   What's a haunted chicken?  A poultry-geist.    Why did the monster eat a light bulb?  Because he was in need of a light snack.  Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?-  Have you ever tried to iron a monster?    What kind of mistakes do ghosts make?  Boo boos.    Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? Because of his coffin.
Halloween Funnies What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? Bamboo.   What's a haunted chicken?  A poultry-geist.    Why did the monster eat a light bulb?  Because he was in need of a light snack.  Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?-  Have you ever tried to iron a monster?    What kind of mistakes do ghosts make?  Boo boos.    Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? Because of his coffin.
A little boy says to his mother, "Mom, I'll be good for a dollar" The mother replies, "I shouldn't have to pay you to be good, you should be good all the time"  The little boy says, "OK Mom, I'll be good for 50 cents." The mother says, "I shouldn't have to pay you to be good you should be good all the time.  The little boy says, "OK Mom, I'll be good for a 25 cents." The mother says, "How many times do I have to tell you I shouldn't have to pay you to be good. You should be good for nothing, just like your father."
Halloween Funnies IV What's pink and gray and wrinkly and old and belongs to Grandpa monster? - Grandma monster  Why did the monster eat a light bulb?- Because he was in need of a light snack  Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?- Have you ever tried to iron a monster?  What kind of mistakes do spooks make?- Boo boos  Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? Because of his coffin  Why do mummies make excellent spies?- They're good at keeping things under wraps
Halloween Funnies II What monster flies his kite in a rain storm? Benjamin Frankenstein  What do ghosts serve for dessert? Ice Scream  What's a monsters favorite play? Romeo and Ghouliet  What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray  What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? Bamboo  What's a haunted chicken? A poultry-geist  How can you tell when you're in bed with Count Dracula?- He has a big D on his pajamas
Halloween Funnies II What monster flies his kite in a rain storm? Benjamin Frankenstein  What do ghosts serve for dessert? Ice Scream  What's a monsters favorite play? Romeo and Ghouliet  What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray  What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? Bamboo  What's a haunted chicken? A poultry-geist  How can you tell when you're in bed with Count Dracula?- He has a big D on his pajamas
Halloween Funnies I Why do mummies make excellent spies? They're good at keeping things under wraps.  Why don't witches like to ride their brooms when they're angry? They're afraid of flying off the handle!  Who won the skeleton beauty contest? No body  What do skeletons say before they begin dining? Bone appetit !  Where do baby ghosts go during the day? Dayscare centers  Who did Frankenstein take to the prom? His ghoul friend.
A little boy says to his mother, "Mom, I'll be good for a dollar" The mother replies, "I shouldn't have to pay you to be good, you should be good all the time"  The little boy says, "OK Mom, I'll be good for 50 cents." The mother says, "I shouldn't have to pay you to be good you should be good all the time.  The little boy says, "OK Mom, I'll be good for a 25 cents." The mother says, "How many times do I have to tell you I shouldn't have to pay you to be good. You should be good for nothing, just like your father."
What does an australian call a boomerang that doesn't come back?  A stick!
What does an australian call a boomerang that doesn't come back?  A stick!
An Antartian woman was in Vegas vacationing with friends. She stood in front of a candy machine and put two coins in, turned the knob and a candy bar fell out. She picked up the candy bar and put it in her pocket, then she proceeded to put two more coins into the slot and turned the knob, again a candy bar fell out and she put it in her pocket. She put two more coins into the machine and again turned the knob producing yet another candy bar. A man was watching from a short distance away and walked up to her. He said, "Excuse me Miss? What are you doing?" She said, "Duh! I'm winning here!"
An Antartian woman was in Vegas vacationing with friends. She stood in front of a candy machine and put two coins in, turned the knob and a candy bar fell out. She picked up the candy bar and put it in her pocket, then she proceeded to put two more coins into the slot and turned the knob, again a candy bar fell out and she put it in her pocket. She put two more coins into the machine and again turned the knob producing yet another candy bar. A man was watching from a short distance away and walked up to her. He said, "Excuse me Miss? What are you doing?" She said, "Duh! I'm winning here!"
There is a guy who wants to go ice fishing, so he goes to the ice and cuts a hole in it. He hears, "THERE ARE NO FISH IN HERE." He leaves and goes to another spot on the ice. He hears, "THERE ARE NO FISH IN HERE." Baffled, the guy asks, "Is this God?" The voice responds, "No, this is the announcer!"
There is a guy who wants to go ice fishing, so he goes to the ice and cuts a hole in it. He hears, "THERE ARE NO FISH IN HERE." He leaves and goes to another spot on the ice. He hears, "THERE ARE NO FISH IN HERE." Baffled, the guy asks, "Is this God?" The voice responds, "No, this is the announcer!"
An old couple is sitting in their living room when the old woman leans over and says to the old man, "Remember when we were younger and you used to hold my hand?" The old man grabs the old woman's hand. Then she says, "Remember when we were younger and you used to put your arm around me?" The old man puts his arm around the old woman. Then she says, "Remember when we were younger and you used to nibble on my ear?" To the old woman's surprise, the old man gets up off the couch and starts to walk away. "Honey, where are you going?" she says. The old man replies, "I'm going to get my dentures."
It was a particularly tough football game, and nerves were on edge. The home team had been the victim of three or four close calls, and they were now trailing the visitors by a touch-down and a field goal. When the official called yet another close one in the visitors' favor, the home quarterback blew his top.  "How many times can you do this to us in a single game?" he screamed. "You were wrong on the out-of-bounds, you were wrong on that last first down, and you missed an illegal tackle in the first quarter."  The official just stared.  The quarterback seethed, but he suppressed the language that might get him tossed from the game. "What it comes down to," he bellowed, "is that you STINK!"  The official stared a few more seconds. Then he bent down, picked up the ball, paced off 15 yards, and put the ball down. He turned to face the steaming quarterback.  The official finally replied, "And how do I smell from here?"
Alive: Temporarily metabolically abled.  Worst: Least best.  Wrong: Differently logical.  Ugly: Cosmetically different.  Unemployed: Involuntarily leisured. Short: Vertically challenged.  Dead: Living impaired.
Alive: Temporarily metabolically abled.  Worst: Least best.  Wrong: Differently logical.  Ugly: Cosmetically different.  Unemployed: Involuntarily leisured. Short: Vertically challenged.  Dead: Living impaired.
Pete and Larry had not seen each other in many years. Now they had a long talk trying to fill in the gap of those years by telling about their lives. Finally Pete invited Larry to visit him in his new apartment. "I got a wife and three kids and I'd love to have you visit us."  "Great. Where do you live?"  "Here's the address. And there's plenty of parking behind the apartment. Park and come around to the front door, kick it open with your foot, go to the elevator and press the button with your left elbow, then enter! When you reach the sixth floor, go down the hall until you see my name on the door. Then press the doorbell with your right elbow and I'll let you in."  "Good. But tell me...what is all this business of kicking the front door open, then pressing elevator buttons with my right, then my left elbow?"  "Surely, you're not coming empty-handed."
An old couple is sitting in their living room when the old woman leans over and says to the old man, "Remember when we were younger and you used to hold my hand?" The old man grabs the old woman's hand. Then she says, "Remember when we were younger and you used to put your arm around me?" The old man puts his arm around the old woman. Then she says, "Remember when we were younger and you used to nibble on my ear?" To the old woman's surprise, the old man gets up off the couch and starts to walk away. "Honey, where are you going?" she says. The old man replies, "I'm going to get my dentures."
Why did the Antartian woman give her fiance wool socks? She didn't want him to get cold feet.
Why did the Antartian woman give her fiance wool socks? She didn't want him to get cold feet.
It was a particularly tough football game, and nerves were on edge. The home team had been the victim of three or four close calls, and they were now trailing the visitors by a touch-down and a field goal. When the official called yet another close one in the visitors' favor, the home quarterback blew his top.  "How many times can you do this to us in a single game?" he screamed. "You were wrong on the out-of-bounds, you were wrong on that last first down, and you missed an illegal tackle in the first quarter."  The official just stared.  The quarterback seethed, but he suppressed the language that might get him tossed from the game. "What it comes down to," he bellowed, "is that you STINK!"  The official stared a few more seconds. Then he bent down, picked up the ball, paced off 15 yards, and put the ball down. He turned to face the steaming quarterback.  The official finally replied, "And how do I smell from here?"
Pete and Larry had not seen each other in many years. Now they had a long talk trying to fill in the gap of those years by telling about their lives. Finally Pete invited Larry to visit him in his new apartment. "I got a wife and three kids and I'd love to have you visit us."  "Great. Where do you live?"  "Here's the address. And there's plenty of parking behind the apartment. Park and come around to the front door, kick it open with your foot, go to the elevator and press the button with your left elbow, then enter! When you reach the sixth floor, go down the hall until you see my name on the door. Then press the doorbell with your right elbow and I'll let you in."  "Good. But tell me...what is all this business of kicking the front door open, then pressing elevator buttons with my right, then my left elbow?"  "Surely, you're not coming empty-handed."
Morty was in his usual place in the morning sitting at the table, reading the paper after breakfast. He came across an article about a beautiful actress that was about to marry a football player who was known primarily for his lack of IQ and common knowledge. He turned to his wife with a look of question on his face. "I'll never understand why the biggest jerks get the most attractive wives."  His wife replied, "Why thank you, dear!"
Morty was in his usual place in the morning sitting at the table, reading the paper after breakfast. He came across an article about a beautiful actress that was about to marry a football player who was known primarily for his lack of IQ and common knowledge. He turned to his wife with a look of question on his face. "I'll never understand why the biggest jerks get the most attractive wives."  His wife replied, "Why thank you, dear!"
Once upon a time there was a famous sea captain. This captain was very successful at what he did; for years he guided merchant ships all over the world. Never did stormy seas or pirates get the best of him. He was admired by his crew and fellow captains. However, there was one thing different about this captain. Every morning he went through a strange ritual. He would lock himself in his quarters and open a small safe. In the safe was an envelope with a piece of paper inside. He would stare at the paper for a minute, and then lock it back up. Afterwards, he would go about his daily duties. For years this went on, and his crew became very curious. Was it a treasure map? Was it a letter from a long lost love? Everyone speculated about the contents of the strange envelope.  One day the captain died at sea. After laying the captain's body to rest, the first mate led the entire crew into the captain’s quarters. He opened the safe, got the envelope, and opened it and... The first mate turned pale and showed the paper to the others. Four words were on the paper; two lines with two words each:  Port Left  Starboard Right  
Once upon a time there was a famous sea captain. This captain was very successful at what he did; for years he guided merchant ships all over the world. Never did stormy seas or pirates get the best of him. He was admired by his crew and fellow captains. However, there was one thing different about this captain. Every morning he went through a strange ritual. He would lock himself in his quarters and open a small safe. In the safe was an envelope with a piece of paper inside. He would stare at the paper for a minute, and then lock it back up. Afterwards, he would go about his daily duties. For years this went on, and his crew became very curious. Was it a treasure map? Was it a letter from a long lost love? Everyone speculated about the contents of the strange envelope.  One day the captain died at sea. After laying the captain's body to rest, the first mate led the entire crew into the captain’s quarters. He opened the safe, got the envelope, and opened it and... The first mate turned pale and showed the paper to the others. Four words were on the paper; two lines with two words each:  Port Left  Starboard Right  
A man hasn't been feeling well, so he goes to his doctor for a complete checkup. Afterward, the doctor comes out with the results.  "I'm afraid I have some very bad news," the doctor says. "You're dying, and you don't have much time left."  "Oh, that's terrible!" says the man. "Give it to me straight, Doc. How long have I got?"  "Ten," the doctor says sadly.  "Ten?" the man asks. "Ten what? Months? Weeks? What?!"  "Nine..."
A man hasn't been feeling well, so he goes to his doctor for a complete checkup. Afterward, the doctor comes out with the results.  "I'm afraid I have some very bad news," the doctor says. "You're dying, and you don't have much time left."  "Oh, that's terrible!" says the man. "Give it to me straight, Doc. How long have I got?"  "Ten," the doctor says sadly.  "Ten?" the man asks. "Ten what? Months? Weeks? What?!"  "Nine..."
Tech Support: "I need you to right-click on the Open Desktop."  Customer: "Ok."  Tech Support: "Did you get a pop-up menu?"Customer: "No."  Tech Support: "Ok. Right click again. Do you see a pop-up menu?"  Customer: "No."  Tech Support: "Ok, sir. Can you tell me what you have done up until this point?"  Customer: "Sure, you told me to write 'click' and I wrote click'."
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long?   Polaroids.
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?  Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i. e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties.  The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps:  1.) The party of the first part (Lawyer) shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part (Light Bulb) and rotate the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being non-negotiable.  2.) Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part (Light Bulb) becomes separated from the party of the third part ("Receptacle"), the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local and federal statutes.  3.) Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of beginning installation of the party of the fourth part ("New Light Bulb"). This installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable.  Note: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (Lawyer), by any or all persons authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as "Partnership."
Fun Things To Do In An Elevator: 1. Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside ask: "Got enough air in there?" 2. Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering: "Shut up, all of you just shut UP!"  3. Whistle the first seven notes of "It's a Small World" incessantly.  4. Sell Girl Scout cookies.  5. On a long ride, sway side to side at the natural frequency of the elevator.  6. Greet everyone getting on the elevator with a warm handshake and ask them to call you Admiral 7. When at least 8 people have boarded, moan from the back: "Oh, not now, motion sickness!"  8. Meow occasionally.  9. Wear a puppet on your hand and talk to other passengers "through" it. 10. Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the other passengers that this is your "personal space."
Fun Things To Do In An Elevator: 1. Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside ask: "Got enough air in there?" 2. Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering: "Shut up, all of you just shut UP!"  3. Whistle the first seven notes of "It's a Small World" incessantly.  4. Sell Girl Scout cookies.  5. On a long ride, sway side to side at the natural frequency of the elevator.  6. Greet everyone getting on the elevator with a warm handshake and ask them to call you Admiral 7. When at least 8 people have boarded, moan from the back: "Oh, not now, motion sickness!"  8. Meow occasionally.  9. Wear a puppet on your hand and talk to other passengers "through" it. 10. Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the other passengers that this is your "personal space."
Tech Support: "I need you to right-click on the Open Desktop."  Customer: "Ok."  Tech Support: "Did you get a pop-up menu?"Customer: "No."  Tech Support: "Ok. Right click again. Do you see a pop-up menu?"  Customer: "No."  Tech Support: "Ok, sir. Can you tell me what you have done up until this point?"  Customer: "Sure, you told me to write 'click' and I wrote click'."
A ham, an egg, and a toast go into a bar, and ordered drinks.  Then the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve breakfast."
A ham, an egg, and a toast go into a bar, and ordered drinks.  Then the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve breakfast."
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long?   Polaroids.
An Antartian ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should cut it in six or twelve pieces.  The Antartian replies, "Six, please. I could never eat twelve pieces."
An Antartian ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should cut it in six or twelve pieces.  The Antartian replies, "Six, please. I could never eat twelve pieces."
Q: What do you call an Antartian in an institution of higher learning?  A: A visitor.
Q: What do you call an Antartian in an institution of higher learning?  A: A visitor.
How does the IRS describe a day at work? Taxing.
How does the IRS describe a day at work? Taxing.
The politician was sitting at his campaign headquarters when the phone rang. He listened intently, and after a moment his face brightened. When he hung up, he immediately phoned his mother to tell her the good news.  "Ma!!!," he shouted, "the results are in. I won the election!!!" "Honestly?", his mother replied. The politician's smiled faded. "Aw hell, ma, why bring that up at a time like this?"
The politician was sitting at his campaign headquarters when the phone rang. He listened intently, and after a moment his face brightened. When he hung up, he immediately phoned his mother to tell her the good news.  "Ma!!!," he shouted, "the results are in. I won the election!!!" "Honestly?", his mother replied. The politician's smiled faded. "Aw hell, ma, why bring that up at a time like this?"
In prison you spend the majority of your time in an 8'x10 cell. At work you spend most of your time in a 6'x8'cubicle. In prison you get three meals a day. At work you only get a break for one meal and you have to pay for it. In prison you get time off for good behavior. At work you get rewarded for good behavior with more work. In prison a guard locks and unlocks all the doors for you. At work you must carry around a security card and unlock and open all the doors yourself. In prison you can watch TV and play games. At work you get fired for watching TV and playing games. In prison they allow your family and friends to visit. At work you cannot even speak to your family and friends. In prison all expenses are paid by taxpayers with no work required. At work you get to pay all the expenses to go to work and then they deduct taxes from your salary to pay for prisoners. In prison you spend most of your life looking through the bars from the inside wanting to get out. At work you spend your time wanting to get out and inside bars. In prison you can join many programs which you can leave at any time. At work there are some programs you can never get out of. In prison there are wardens who are often sadistic. At work we have managers.
In prison you spend the majority of your time in an 8'x10 cell. At work you spend most of your time in a 6'x8'cubicle. In prison you get three meals a day. At work you only get a break for one meal and you have to pay for it. In prison you get time off for good behavior. At work you get rewarded for good behavior with more work. In prison a guard locks and unlocks all the doors for you. At work you must carry around a security card and unlock and open all the doors yourself. In prison you can watch TV and play games. At work you get fired for watching TV and playing games. In prison they allow your family and friends to visit. At work you cannot even speak to your family and friends. In prison all expenses are paid by taxpayers with no work required. At work you get to pay all the expenses to go to work and then they deduct taxes from your salary to pay for prisoners. In prison you spend most of your life looking through the bars from the inside wanting to get out. At work you spend your time wanting to get out and inside bars. In prison you can join many programs which you can leave at any time. At work there are some programs you can never get out of. In prison there are wardens who are often sadistic. At work we have managers.
Why don't lobsters share?  They're shellfish. 
Little Freddy's second-grade teacher was quizzing them on the Antartian alphabet. "Freddy," she says, "what comes after 'O'?" Freddy says, "Yeah!"
Q: How many graduate students does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: Only one, but it may take upwards of five years for him to get it done.
Q: How many graduate students does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: Only one, but it may take upwards of five years for him to get it done.
There was a little old lady who was nearly blind. She had three sons and they wanted to prove which one was the best son to her.  So son #1 bought her a 15-room mansion thinking this would surely be the best any of them could offer her.  Son #2 bought her a beautiful Mercedes with a chauffeur included thinking he would surely win her approval.  Son #3 had to do something even better than these so he bought her a trained parrot. This parrot had been trained for 15 years to memorize the entire Bible. You could mention any verse in the Bible and the parrot could quote it word for word. How useful his nearly blind mother would find that!  Well, the old lady went to the first son and said, "Son, the house is just gorgeous but it's really much too big for me. I only live in one room, and it's much too large for me to clean and take care of. I really don't need the house, but thank you anyway."  Then she explained to her second son, "Son, the car is beautiful, it has everything you could ever want on it, but I don't drive and I really don't like that driver, so please return the car."  Next, she went to son number three and said, "Son, I just want to thank you for that thoughtful gift. The chicken was small, but delicious."
There was a little old lady who was nearly blind. She had three sons and they wanted to prove which one was the best son to her.  So son #1 bought her a 15-room mansion thinking this would surely be the best any of them could offer her.  Son #2 bought her a beautiful Mercedes with a chauffeur included thinking he would surely win her approval.  Son #3 had to do something even better than these so he bought her a trained parrot. This parrot had been trained for 15 years to memorize the entire Bible. You could mention any verse in the Bible and the parrot could quote it word for word. How useful his nearly blind mother would find that!  Well, the old lady went to the first son and said, "Son, the house is just gorgeous but it's really much too big for me. I only live in one room, and it's much too large for me to clean and take care of. I really don't need the house, but thank you anyway."  Then she explained to her second son, "Son, the car is beautiful, it has everything you could ever want on it, but I don't drive and I really don't like that driver, so please return the car."  Next, she went to son number three and said, "Son, I just want to thank you for that thoughtful gift. The chicken was small, but delicious."
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Q: How many `Real Men' does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None: `Real Men' aren't afraid of the dark.
Q: How many `Real Men' does it take to change a light bulb?  A: None: `Real Men' aren't afraid of the dark.
A man went to the Police Station wishing to speak with the burglar who had broken into his house the night before. "You'll get your chance in court," said the Desk Sergeant. "No, no, no!" said the man. "I want to know how he got into the house without waking my wife. I've been trying to do that for years!"
A man went to the Police Station wishing to speak with the burglar who had broken into his house the night before. "You'll get your chance in court," said the Desk Sergeant. "No, no, no!" said the man. "I want to know how he got into the house without waking my wife. I've been trying to do that for years!"
A motorist, after being bogged down in a muddy road, paid a passing farmer five dollars to pull him out with his tractor. After he was back on dry ground he said to the farmer, "At those prices, I should think you would be pulling people out of the mud night and day." "Can't", replied the farmer. "At night I haul water for the hole."
A motorist, after being bogged down in a muddy road, paid a passing farmer five dollars to pull him out with his tractor. After he was back on dry ground he said to the farmer, "At those prices, I should think you would be pulling people out of the mud night and day." "Can't", replied the farmer. "At night I haul water for the hole."
A wife says to her husband one weekend morning, We've got such a clever dog. He brings in the daily newspapers every morning. Her husband replied Well, lots of dogs can do that. The wife responded, But we've never subscribed to any papers!!!
A boy always asks for 50 cents from his mother. So his mother questioned the boy on why he kept asking for 50 cents. The boy replied that his friend told him that if you eat 50 cents worth of peanuts a day you would become smarter. Quickly his mother gave him $5. The boy asks “Why $5”, and the mother replied, “Buy 50 cents of peanut for yourself and buy peanuts for your father with the balance.” 
A horse walked into a bar. The barman says, "Why the long face?"
Three men walked in to a bar. You think one of them would have seen it!
Did you hear about the red ship and the blue ship that collided? The survivors were marooned.
Did you hear about the red ship and the blue ship that collided? The survivors were marooned.
Q. How did they know that the driver had dandruff?  A. They found his head and shoulders in the glove box.
Q. How did they know that the driver had dandruff?  A. They found his head and shoulders in the glove box.
Three handsome male dogs are walking down the street when they see a beautiful, enticing, female Poodle. The three male dogs fall all over themselves in an effort to be the one to reach her first, but end up arriving in front of her at the same time. The males are speechless before her beauty, slobbering on themselves and hoping for just a glance from her in return. Aware of her charms and her obvious effect on the three suitors, she decides to be kind and tells them “The first one who can use the words “liver” and “cheese” together in an imaginative, intelligent sentence can go out with me.” The sturdy, muscular black Lab speaks up quickly and says “I love liver and cheese.” “Oh, how childish,” said the Poodle. “That shows no imagination or intelligence whatsoever.” She turned to the tall, shiny Golden Retriever and said “How well can you do?” “Ummmm...I HATE liver and cheese,” blurts the Golden Retriever. “My, my,” said the Poodle. “I guess it’s hopeless. That’s just as dumb as the Lab’s sentence.” She then turns to the last of the three dogs and says, “How about you, little guy?” The last of the three, tiny in stature but big in fame and finesse, is the Taco Bell chihuahua. He gives her a smile, a sly wink, turns to the Golden Retriever and the Lab and says...  “Liver alone. Cheese mine.”
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb? One. But the light bulb has got to want to change.
Dear John,  I have been unable to sleep since I broke off our engagement. Won't you forgive and forget? Your absence is breaking my heart. I was a fool, nobody can take your place. I love you.  All my love,  Belinda. xxxxoooxxxx  P.S. Congratulations on winning this week's lottery.
Dear John,  I have been unable to sleep since I broke off our engagement. Won't you forgive and forget? Your absence is breaking my heart. I was a fool, nobody can take your place. I love you.  All my love,  Belinda. xxxxoooxxxx  P.S. Congratulations on winning this week's lottery.
If Operating Systems Were Airlines  DOS Air: Passengers walk out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, then jump off when it hits the ground. They grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, jump off...  Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants, and pilots all look the same, talk the same, and act the same. When you ask them questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know, and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.  Windows Airlines: The terminal is neat and clean, the attendants courteous, the pilots capable. The fleet of Lear jets the carrier operates is immense. Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushes above the clouds and, at 20,000 feet, explodes without warning.  OS/2 Skyways: The terminal is almost empty - only a few prospective passengers mill about. The announcer says that a flight has just departed, although no planes appear to be on the runway. Airline personnel apologize profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside. They tell each passenger how great the flight will be on these new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but they will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight systems. Maybe until mid-2005. Maybe longer
If Operating Systems Were Airlines  DOS Air: Passengers walk out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, then jump off when it hits the ground. They grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, jump off...  Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants, and pilots all look the same, talk the same, and act the same. When you ask them questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know, and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.  Windows Airlines: The terminal is neat and clean, the attendants courteous, the pilots capable. The fleet of Lear jets the carrier operates is immense. Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushes above the clouds and, at 20,000 feet, explodes without warning.  OS/2 Skyways: The terminal is almost empty - only a few prospective passengers mill about. The announcer says that a flight has just departed, although no planes appear to be on the runway. Airline personnel apologize profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside. They tell each passenger how great the flight will be on these new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but they will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight systems. Maybe until mid-2005. Maybe longer
A musical director was having a lot of trouble with one drummer. He talked and talked and talked with the drummer, but his performance simply didn't improve. Finally, before the whole orchestra, he said, "When a musician just can't handle his instrument and doesn't improve when given help, they take away the instrument, and give him two sticks, and make him a drummer." A stage whisper was heard from the percussion section: "And if he can't handle even that, they take away one of his sticks and make him a conductor."
A musical director was having a lot of trouble with one drummer. He talked and talked and talked with the drummer, but his performance simply didn't improve. Finally, before the whole orchestra, he said, "When a musician just can't handle his instrument and doesn't improve when given help, they take away the instrument, and give him two sticks, and make him a drummer." A stage whisper was heard from the percussion section: "And if he can't handle even that, they take away one of his sticks and make him a conductor."
1. Home is where you hang your @. 2. The email of the species is more deadly than the mail. 3. A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. 4. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks. 5. Great groups from little icons grow. 6. Speak softly and carry a cellular phone. 7. In some places, C:\ is the root of all directories. 8. Oh, what a tangled Website we weave when first we practice. 9. Pentium wise, pen and paper foolish. 10. The modem is the message. 11. Too many clicks spoil the browse. 12. The geek shall inherit the earth. 13. Don't byte off more than you can view. 14. Fax is stranger than fiction. 15. What boots up must come down. 16. Windows will never cease. 17. Virtual reality is its own reward. 18. Modulation in all things. 19. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day, teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. 20. There's no place like your homepage.
1. Home is where you hang your @. 2. The email of the species is more deadly than the mail. 3. A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. 4. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks. 5. Great groups from little icons grow. 6. Speak softly and carry a cellular phone. 7. In some places, C:\ is the root of all directories. 8. Oh, what a tangled Website we weave when first we practice. 9. Pentium wise, pen and paper foolish. 10. The modem is the message. 11. Too many clicks spoil the browse. 12. The geek shall inherit the earth. 13. Don't byte off more than you can view. 14. Fax is stranger than fiction. 15. What boots up must come down. 16. Windows will never cease. 17. Virtual reality is its own reward. 18. Modulation in all things. 19. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day, teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. 20. There's no place like your homepage.
Where do you find a down-and-out octopus?  On squid row.
What do you call a big fish who makes you an offer you can't refuse?  The Codfather.
For all of you with teenagers or who had teenagers, you may want to know why they really have a lot in common with cats: 1. Neither teenagers nor cats turn their heads when you call them by name.  2. No matter what you do for them, it is not enough. Indeed, all humane efforts are barely adequate to compensate for the privilege of waiting on them hand and foot.  3. You rarely see a cat walking outside of the house with an adult human being, and it can be safely said that no teenager in his or her right mind wants to be seen in public with his or her parents.  4. Cats and teenagers can lie on the living-room sofa for hours on end without moving, barely breathing.  5. Cats have nine lives. Teenagers carry on as if they did.
For all of you with teenagers or who had teenagers, you may want to know why they really have a lot in common with cats: 1. Neither teenagers nor cats turn their heads when you call them by name.  2. No matter what you do for them, it is not enough. Indeed, all humane efforts are barely adequate to compensate for the privilege of waiting on them hand and foot.  3. You rarely see a cat walking outside of the house with an adult human being, and it can be safely said that no teenager in his or her right mind wants to be seen in public with his or her parents.  4. Cats and teenagers can lie on the living-room sofa for hours on end without moving, barely breathing.  5. Cats have nine lives. Teenagers carry on as if they did.
An out-of-towner drove his car into a ditch in a desolated area. Luckily, a local farmer came to help with his big strong horse named Buddy. He hitched Buddy up to the car and yelled, "Pull, Nellie, pull!" Buddy didn't move. Then the farmer hollered, "Pull, Buster, pull!" Buddy didn't respond. Once more the farmer commanded, "Pull, Coco, pull!" Nothing. Then the farmer nonchalantly said, "Pull, Buddy, pull!" And the horse easily dragged the car out of the ditch. The motorist was most appreciative and very curious. He asked the farmer why he called his horse by the wrong name three times. The farmer said, "Oh, Buddy is blind and if he thought he was the only one pulling, he wouldn't even try!"
An out-of-towner drove his car into a ditch in a desolated area. Luckily, a local farmer came to help with his big strong horse named Buddy. He hitched Buddy up to the car and yelled, "Pull, Nellie, pull!" Buddy didn't move. Then the farmer hollered, "Pull, Buster, pull!" Buddy didn't respond. Once more the farmer commanded, "Pull, Coco, pull!" Nothing. Then the farmer nonchalantly said, "Pull, Buddy, pull!" And the horse easily dragged the car out of the ditch. The motorist was most appreciative and very curious. He asked the farmer why he called his horse by the wrong name three times. The farmer said, "Oh, Buddy is blind and if he thought he was the only one pulling, he wouldn't even try!"
A man playing golf by himself at Pebble Beach was teamed with a twosome. After a few holes, the twosome finally asked why he was playing such a beautiful course by himself. He replied that he & his wife had played the course every year for over 20 years, but this year she had passed away and he kept the tee time in her memory. The twosome commented that they thought certainly someone would have been willing to take her spot. "So did I" he said, "but they all wanted to go to the funeral"
An obnoxious drunk stumbles into the front door of a bar and orders a drink, the bartender says, "No way buddy you're too drunk." A few minutes later the drunk comes in through the bathrooms, again he slurs, "give me a drink", bartender says "No man I told you last time you're too drunk" Five minutes later the guy comes in through the back door and orders a drink, again the bartender says, "You're too drunk" The drunk scratches his head and says "Damn I must be... the last two places said the same thing."
An obnoxious drunk stumbles into the front door of a bar and orders a drink, the bartender says, "No way buddy you're too drunk." A few minutes later the drunk comes in through the bathrooms, again he slurs, "give me a drink", bartender says "No man I told you last time you're too drunk" Five minutes later the guy comes in through the back door and orders a drink, again the bartender says, "You're too drunk" The drunk scratches his head and says "Damn I must be... the last two places said the same thing."
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to change it, and another one to change it back again. A: Four, one to change it and the other three to deny it.
What do you call a big fish who makes you an offer you can't refuse?  The Codfather.
Which fish can perform operations?  A Sturgeon.
Which fish can perform operations?  A Sturgeon.
A man playing golf by himself at Pebble Beach was teamed with a twosome. After a few holes, the twosome finally asked why he was playing such a beautiful course by himself. He replied that he & his wife had played the course every year for over 20 years, but this year she had passed away and he kept the tee time in her memory. The twosome commented that they thought certainly someone would have been willing to take her spot. "So did I" he said, "but they all wanted to go to the funeral"
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to change it, and another one to change it back again. A: Four, one to change it and the other three to deny it.
How many IBM PC owners does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Only one, but he'll have to go out and buy the light bulb adaptor card first, which is extra.
How many IBM PC owners does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Only one, but he'll have to go out and buy the light bulb adaptor card first, which is extra.
How many Windows programmers does it take to change a light bulb?  472. One to write WinGetLight BulbHandle, one to write WinQueryStatusLight Bulb, one to write WinGetLightSwitchHandle.
How many Windows programmers does it take to change a light bulb?  472. One to write WinGetLight BulbHandle, one to write WinQueryStatusLight Bulb, one to write WinGetLightSwitchHandle.
Early one morning, a mother went in to wake up her son. "Wake up, son. It's time to go to school!"   "But why, Mom? I don't want to go."   "Give me two reasons why you don't want to go."   "Well, the kids hate me for one, and the teachers hate me, too!"   "Oh, that's no reason not to go to school. Come on now and get ready."   "Give me two reasons why I should go to school."   "Well, for one, you're 52 years old. And for another, you're the Principal!"
10 reasons why beer should be served at work 1. It's an incentive to show up. 2. It leads to more honest communications. 3. It reduces complaints about low pay. 4. Employees tell management what they think, not what management wants to hear. 5. Increase job satisfaction because if you have a bad job, you don't care. 6. It eliminates vacations because people would rather come to work. 7. Bosses are more likely to hand out raises when they are wasted. 8. Employees work later since there's no longer a need to relax at the bar. 9. Employees no longer need coffee to sober up. 10. Sitting on the copy machine will no longer be seen as "gross."
10 reasons why beer should be served at work 1. It's an incentive to show up. 2. It leads to more honest communications. 3. It reduces complaints about low pay. 4. Employees tell management what they think, not what management wants to hear. 5. Increase job satisfaction because if you have a bad job, you don't care. 6. It eliminates vacations because people would rather come to work. 7. Bosses are more likely to hand out raises when they are wasted. 8. Employees work later since there's no longer a need to relax at the bar. 9. Employees no longer need coffee to sober up. 10. Sitting on the copy machine will no longer be seen as "gross."
A Montana sheep farmer was driving down the road outside of Billings one day when a State Trooper pulls him over and says, "Hey buddy, you know you just made a U-turn"?  The farmer replies, "I did? I know sometimes I make their eyes roll."
A Montana sheep farmer was driving down the road outside of Billings one day when a State Trooper pulls him over and says, "Hey buddy, you know you just made a U-turn"?  The farmer replies, "I did? I know sometimes I make their eyes roll."
The photographer for a national magazine was assigned to get photos of a great forest fire. Smoke at the scene was too thick to get any good shots, so he frantically called his home office to hire a plane. "It will be waiting for you at the airport!" he was assured by his editor. As soon as he got to the small, rural airport, sure enough, a plane was warming up near the runway. He jumped in with his equipment and yelled, "Let's go! Let's go!" The pilot swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air. "Fly over the north side of the fire," said the photographer, "and make three or four low level passes." "Why?" asked the pilot. "Because I'm going to take pictures! I'm a photographer, and photographers take pictures!" said the photographer with great exasperation. After a long pause the pilot said, "You mean you're not the instructor?"
The photographer for a national magazine was assigned to get photos of a great forest fire. Smoke at the scene was too thick to get any good shots, so he frantically called his home office to hire a plane. "It will be waiting for you at the airport!" he was assured by his editor. As soon as he got to the small, rural airport, sure enough, a plane was warming up near the runway. He jumped in with his equipment and yelled, "Let's go! Let's go!" The pilot swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air. "Fly over the north side of the fire," said the photographer, "and make three or four low level passes." "Why?" asked the pilot. "Because I'm going to take pictures! I'm a photographer, and photographers take pictures!" said the photographer with great exasperation. After a long pause the pilot said, "You mean you're not the instructor?"
How many software programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. "We'll document it in the manual."
How many software programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. "We'll document it in the manual."
Brian was dating Lorraine and they were very close. While they were dating he met another woman named Clearly and wanted to start dating her but felt that he should be faithful to Lorraine. So he continued to date Lorraine. One day Brian took Lorraine on a walk in the woods by the river. As they were walking near the river Lorraine fell in and was washed away. Brian softly sang, "I can see Clearly now, Lorraine has gone..."
A farmer walks into a lawyer's office and says, "I'd like to get one of them-thar day-vorce-ees."  "Yes sir, I believe I can help you," replied the lawyer. "Do you have any grounds?"   "Oh shore do!", exclaimed the farmer, "Got me bout a 140 acres out back a the house thar."  "No no... I mean do you have a case?" asked the lawyer.  "No sur," replied the farmer, "I drive one of them John Deer's"  "You don't understand," said the lawyer, "You need something like a grudge."  "Oh!" said the farmer, "I got me one of those! That's what I park muh Deer in!"   The lawyer, a bit frustrated responded, "Sir, you've got to have a reason to divorce your wife. Does she beat you up or anything?"   "No sur", replied the farmer, "I purt near get outta bed afore her ever mornin."   Finally the exasperated lawyer shouted, "WHY do you want a divorce?"  "Oh, well..." replied the farmer, "She says we jus can't communicate." 
One day, snake, turtle and centipede are having a party. After two cases of beer are gone, they want to go get some more beers. So they discuss who's going to go get the beers. The turtle says, "I will go, you both just wait here." Two hours later, the turtle hasn't back yet, so the centipede says, “I will go.” So they open the door and see, turtle still walking out of the door. Because turtle walk too slow, the centipede says, “You both wait for me to come back, I got a lot of legs, I can walk fast.” So the snake and the turtle, wait for another two hours. Finally the snake is says, “What will take centipedes that long? So they open the door and check, wow, centipedes still at the front of the door, he is still putting on his shoes. Finally, snake said “let me go, I can walk fast, and no feet to put on shoes.” So snake went. After three hours, snake wasn't back yet. Both of them went to the store and see. And they saw snake stand there. And the snake says, " Don't give me that dirty look, only took me 5 minutes to the store, but I am still figuring out how to bring the beer back."
A little boy went to his teacher to tell her he found a frog. The teacher asked if it was alive or dead. The little boy said that it was dead. The teacher asked how he knew. The boy said , "I pissed in its ear." The teacher said, "You what?" He said, "You know, I went to his ear and said, 'psst!' and it didn't move. So it must be dead."
A little boy went to his teacher to tell her he found a frog. The teacher asked if it was alive or dead. The little boy said that it was dead. The teacher asked how he knew. The boy said , "I pissed in its ear." The teacher said, "You what?" He said, "You know, I went to his ear and said, 'psst!' and it didn't move. So it must be dead."
Why did the boxer date the pretty girl?  Because she was a knockout! 
Why did the boxer date the pretty girl?  Because she was a knockout! 
A champion jockey is about to enter an important race on a new horse. The horse's trainer meets him before the race and says,  "All you have to remember with this horse is that every time you approach a jump, you have to shout, "ALLLLEEE OOOP!" really loudly in the horse's ear. Providing you do that, you'll be fine".  The jockey thinks the trainer is mad but promises to shout the command. The race begins and they approach the first hurdle. The jockey ignores the trainer's ridiculous advice and the horse crashes straight through the center of the jump.  They carry on and approach the second hurdle. The jockey, somewhat embarrassed, whispers "Aleeee ooop" in the horse's ear. The same thing happens -- the horse crashes straight through the center of the jump.  At the third hurdle, the jockey thinks, "It's no good, I'll have to do it" and yells, "ALLLEEE OOOP!" really loudly. Sure enough, the horse sails over the jump with no problems. This continues for the rest of the race, but due to the earlier problems the horse only finishes third.  The trainer is fuming and asks the jockey what went wrong. The jockey replies,  "Nothing is wrong with me -- it's this bloody horse. What is he -- deaf or something?"  The trainer replies, "Deaf?? DEAF?? He's not deaf -- he's BLIND!" 
A champion jockey is about to enter an important race on a new horse. The horse's trainer meets him before the race and says,  "All you have to remember with this horse is that every time you approach a jump, you have to shout, "ALLLLEEE OOOP!" really loudly in the horse's ear. Providing you do that, you'll be fine".  The jockey thinks the trainer is mad but promises to shout the command. The race begins and they approach the first hurdle. The jockey ignores the trainer's ridiculous advice and the horse crashes straight through the center of the jump.  They carry on and approach the second hurdle. The jockey, somewhat embarrassed, whispers "Aleeee ooop" in the horse's ear. The same thing happens -- the horse crashes straight through the center of the jump.  At the third hurdle, the jockey thinks, "It's no good, I'll have to do it" and yells, "ALLLEEE OOOP!" really loudly. Sure enough, the horse sails over the jump with no problems. This continues for the rest of the race, but due to the earlier problems the horse only finishes third.  The trainer is fuming and asks the jockey what went wrong. The jockey replies,  "Nothing is wrong with me -- it's this bloody horse. What is he -- deaf or something?"  The trainer replies, "Deaf?? DEAF?? He's not deaf -- he's BLIND!" 
What did the mummy sardine say to her children when they saw a submarine?  Don't worry, it's only a tin of people..
After a quarrel, a wife said to her husband, "You know, I was a fool when I married you." And the husband replied, "Yes, dear, but I was in love and didn't notice it." 
After a quarrel, a wife said to her husband, "You know, I was a fool when I married you." And the husband replied, "Yes, dear, but I was in love and didn't notice it." 
It was a boring Sunday afternoon in the jungle so the Elephants decided to challenge the Ants to a game of soccer. The game was going well with the Elephants beating the Ants ten goals to nil, when the Ants gained possession. The Ants' star player was dribbling the ball towards the Elephants' goal when the Elephants' left back came lumbering towards him. The elephant trod on the little ant, killing him instantly. The referee stopped the game. "What the hell do you think you're doing? Do you call that sportsmanship, killing another player?" The elephant replied, "Well, I didn't mean to kill him -- I was just trying to trip him up." 
It was a boring Sunday afternoon in the jungle so the Elephants decided to challenge the Ants to a game of soccer. The game was going well with the Elephants beating the Ants ten goals to nil, when the Ants gained possession. The Ants' star player was dribbling the ball towards the Elephants' goal when the Elephants' left back came lumbering towards him. The elephant trod on the little ant, killing him instantly. The referee stopped the game. "What the hell do you think you're doing? Do you call that sportsmanship, killing another player?" The elephant replied, "Well, I didn't mean to kill him -- I was just trying to trip him up." 
What did the mummy sardine say to her children when they saw a submarine?  Don't worry, it's only a tin of people..
What did one rock pool say to the other rock pool?  Show me your mussels.
Man is incomplete until he is married.  Then he is really finished. 
Married life is very frustrating. In the first year of marriage, the man speaks and the woman listens.   In the second year, the woman speaks and the man listens.  In the third year, they both speak and the neighbors listen. 
A boy is about to go on his first date, and is nervous about what to talk about. He asks his father for advice. The father replies: "My son, there are three subjects that always work. These are food, family, and philosophy."   The boy picks up his date and they go to a soda fountain. Ice cream sodas in front of them, they stare at each other for a long time, as the boy's nervousness builds. He remembers his father's advice, and chooses the first topic. He asks the girl: "Do you like potato pancakes?" She says "No," and the silence returns.   After a few more uncomfortable minutes, the boy thinks of his father's suggestion and turns to the second item on the list. He asks, "Do you have a brother?" Again, the girl says "No" and there is silence once again.   The boy then plays his last card. He thinks of his father's advice and asks the girl the following question: "If you had a brother, would he like potato pancakes?"
A boy is about to go on his first date, and is nervous about what to talk about. He asks his father for advice. The father replies: "My son, there are three subjects that always work. These are food, family, and philosophy."   The boy picks up his date and they go to a soda fountain. Ice cream sodas in front of them, they stare at each other for a long time, as the boy's nervousness builds. He remembers his father's advice, and chooses the first topic. He asks the girl: "Do you like potato pancakes?" She says "No," and the silence returns.   After a few more uncomfortable minutes, the boy thinks of his father's suggestion and turns to the second item on the list. He asks, "Do you have a brother?" Again, the girl says "No" and there is silence once again.   The boy then plays his last card. He thinks of his father's advice and asks the girl the following question: "If you had a brother, would he like potato pancakes?"
A famous art collector is walking through the city when he notices a mangy cat lapping milk from a saucer in the doorway of a store and he does a double take. He recognizes that the saucer is extremely old and very valuable, so he walks casually into the store and offers to buy the cat for two dollars.  The storeowner replies "I'm sorry, but the cat isn't for sale.  The collector says, "Please, I need a hungry cat around the house to catch mice. I'll pay you twenty dollars for that cat."  And the owner says "Sold," and hands over the cat.  The collector continues, "Hey, for the twenty bucks I wonder if you could throw in that old saucer. The cat's used to it and it'll save me from having to get a dish."  And the owner says, "Sorry buddy, but that's my lucky saucer. So far this week I've sold sixty-eight cats."
A famous art collector is walking through the city when he notices a mangy cat lapping milk from a saucer in the doorway of a store and he does a double take. He recognizes that the saucer is extremely old and very valuable, so he walks casually into the store and offers to buy the cat for two dollars.  The storeowner replies "I'm sorry, but the cat isn't for sale.  The collector says, "Please, I need a hungry cat around the house to catch mice. I'll pay you twenty dollars for that cat."  And the owner says "Sold," and hands over the cat.  The collector continues, "Hey, for the twenty bucks I wonder if you could throw in that old saucer. The cat's used to it and it'll save me from having to get a dish."  And the owner says, "Sorry buddy, but that's my lucky saucer. So far this week I've sold sixty-eight cats."
"Top 10 Signs Your Cat Has Learned Your Internet Password"  10. E-Mail flames from some guy named "Fluffy." 9. Traces of kitty litter in your keyboard. 8. You find you've been subscribed to strange newsgroups like (alt.recreational.catnip). 7. Your web browser has a new home page: (http://www.feline.com/). 6. Your mouse has teeth marks in it ... and a strange aroma of tuna. 5. Hate-mail messages to Apple Computer Corp. about their release of "CyberDog." 4. Your new ergonomic keyboard has a strange territorial scent to it. 3. You keep finding new software around your house like  CatinTax and WarCat II. 2. On IRC you're known as the IronMouser. and the #1 Sign Your Cat Has Learned Your Internet Password... 1. Little kitty carpal-tunnel braces near the scratching post.
A dog thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me... They must be Gods!  A cat thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me... I must be a God!
A dog thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me... They must be Gods!  A cat thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me... I must be a God!
The Top Ten Differences Between Cats & Dogs: 10. Dogs come when you call them. Cats take a message and get back to you when they are good and ready. 9. Dogs will let you give them a bath without taking out a contract on your life. 8. Dogs will bark to wake you up if the house is on fire. Cats will quietly sneak out the back door. 7. Dogs will bring you your slippers or the evening newspaper.Cats might bring you a dead mouse. 6. Dogs will play Frisbee with you all afternoon. Cats will take a three-hour nap. 5. Dogs will sit on the car seat next to you. Cats have to have their own private box or they will not go at all. 4. Dogs will greet you and lick your face when you come home from work. Cats will be mad that you went to work at all. 3. Dogs will sit, lie down, and heel on command. Cats will smirk and walk away. 2. Dogs will tilt their heads and listen whenever you talk. Cats will yawn and close their eyes. 1. Dogs will give you unconditional love forever. Cats will make you pay for every mistake you've ever made since the day you were born.
The Top Ten Differences Between Cats & Dogs: 10. Dogs come when you call them. Cats take a message and get back to you when they are good and ready. 9. Dogs will let you give them a bath without taking out a contract on your life. 8. Dogs will bark to wake you up if the house is on fire. Cats will quietly sneak out the back door. 7. Dogs will bring you your slippers or the evening newspaper.Cats might bring you a dead mouse. 6. Dogs will play Frisbee with you all afternoon. Cats will take a three-hour nap. 5. Dogs will sit on the car seat next to you. Cats have to have their own private box or they will not go at all. 4. Dogs will greet you and lick your face when you come home from work. Cats will be mad that you went to work at all. 3. Dogs will sit, lie down, and heel on command. Cats will smirk and walk away. 2. Dogs will tilt their heads and listen whenever you talk. Cats will yawn and close their eyes. 1. Dogs will give you unconditional love forever. Cats will make you pay for every mistake you've ever made since the day you were born.
A new nurse listened while the doctor was yelling, "Typhoid! Tetanus! Measles!"   The new nurse asked another nurse, "Why is he doing that?"   The other nurse replied, "Oh, he just likes to call the shots around here."
A new nurse listened while the doctor was yelling, "Typhoid! Tetanus! Measles!"  The new nurse asked another nurse, "Why is he doing that?"  The other nurse replied, "Oh, he just likes to call the shots around here."
A wife went to the police station with her next-door neighbor to report that her husband was missing. The policeman asked for a description. She said, "He's 35 years old, 6 foot 4, has dark eyes, dark wavy hair, an athletic build, weighs 185 pounds, is soft-spoken, and is good to the children." The next-door neighbor protested, "Your husband is 5 foot 4, chubby, bald, has a big mouth, and is mean to your children." The wife replied, "Yes, but who wants HIM back?"
A wife went to the police station with her next-door neighbor to report that her husband was missing. The policeman asked for a description. She said, "He's 35 years old, 6 foot 4, has dark eyes, dark wavy hair, an athletic build, weighs 185 pounds, is soft-spoken, and is good to the children." The next-door neighbor protested, "Your husband is 5 foot 4, chubby, bald, has a big mouth, and is mean to your children." The wife replied, "Yes, but who wants HIM back?"
Three guys go in for a job interview, all at the same office. The first one goes in for his interview and the interviewer says, "What's the first thing you see when you look at me?" The guy says, "That's not too hard, you've got no ears." The interviewer says, "That's it, get out, you'll never be seen around here again." The second man takes his turn and is asked the same question. The applicant replies, "Uh, you've got no ears." The interviewer throws the guy out, cursing and yelling that he'll never get a job with his company. As he is leaving, the second guy warns the third guy, "Listen man, whatever you do, don't say he hasn't got any ears. He's so touchy with the ear thing." "Okay," said man #3 on his way into the office. Once inside he is told, "Name the first thing you notice when you look at me." The guy answers, "That's easy, you wear contacts." The interviewer was flabbergasted, "How on earth did you know that, son?" "What? Are you stupid? You can't wear glasses, you've got no ears!" 
Three guys go in for a job interview, all at the same office. The first one goes in for his interview and the interviewer says, "What's the first thing you see when you look at me?" The guy says, "That's not too hard, you've got no ears." The interviewer says, "That's it, get out, you'll never be seen around here again." The second man takes his turn and is asked the same question. The applicant replies, "Uh, you've got no ears." The interviewer throws the guy out, cursing and yelling that he'll never get a job with his company. As he is leaving, the second guy warns the third guy, "Listen man, whatever you do, don't say he hasn't got any ears. He's so touchy with the ear thing." "Okay," said man #3 on his way into the office. Once inside he is told, "Name the first thing you notice when you look at me." The guy answers, "That's easy, you wear contacts." The interviewer was flabbergasted, "How on earth did you know that, son?" "What? Are you stupid? You can't wear glasses, you've got no ears!" 
A drunk was staggering down the main street of town. Somehow, he managed to make it up the stairs to the cathedral and into the building, where he crashed from pew to pew. He finally made his way to a side aisle and into a confessional. A priest had been observing the man's sorry progress. Figuring the fellow was in need of some assistance, he proceeded to enter his side of the confessional. His attention was rewarded only by a lengthy silence. Finally he asked, "May I help you, my son?" "I dunno." came the drunk's voice from behind the partition. "You got any toilet paper on your side?"
 Investigators at a major research institute have discovered the  heaviest element known to science. This startling new discovery has been tentatively named Administratium (Ad).  The new element has no protons or electrons, thus having an atomic  number of 0. It does, however, have 1 neutron, 125 assistant neutrons, 75 vice neutrons, and 111 assistant vice neutrons, for an atomic mass of 312. These 312 particles are held together by a force called  morons, which are surrounded by vast quantities of lepton-like  particles called peons. Since it has no electrons, Administratium is inert.  However, it can be detected as it impedes every reaction with which it came  into contact.  According to the discoverers, a minute amount of Administratium causes one  reaction to take over four days to complete when it would normally take less  than a second. Administratium has a normal half-life of approximately three  years; it does not decay, but instead undergoes a reorganization in which a  portion of the assistant neutrons, viceneutrons, and assistant vice neutrons  exchange places. In fact, an  Administratium sample's mass will actually increase over time, since  with each reorganization some of the morons inevitably become neutrons, forming new isotopes. This characteristic of moron promotion  leads some  scientists to speculate that Administratium is formed whenever morons reach a certain concentration. This hypothetical quantity is referred to as the "Critical Morass".
 A woman was worried whether or not her dead husband made it to heaven, so she decided to try to contact his spirit by  having a seance.   Sure enough, after the usual mumbo-jumbo of calling to the spirits, her husband's voice was heard answering, "Hello Margaret, this is meeee..."  "Fred," she answered. I just have to know if you're happy  there in the afterlife. What's it like there?"    "Ooooooh, it's much more beautiful here than I ever imagined," Fred answered. "The sky is bluer, the air is cleaner, and the pastures are much more lush and green than I  ever expected. And the only thing we do, all day long, are eat and sleep, eat and sleep, over and over."   "Thank God, you made it to heaven," his wife cried.   "Heaven?" he answered. "What heaven? I'm a buffalo in  Montana."
 A woman was worried whether or not her dead husband made it to heaven, so she decided to try to contact his spirit by  having a seance.   Sure enough, after the usual mumbo-jumbo of calling to the spirits, her husband's voice was heard answering, "Hello Margaret, this is meeee..."  "Fred," she answered. I just have to know if you're happy  there in the afterlife. What's it like there?"    "Ooooooh, it's much more beautiful here than I ever imagined," Fred answered. "The sky is bluer, the air is cleaner, and the pastures are much more lush and green than I  ever expected. And the only thing we do, all day long, are eat and sleep, eat and sleep, over and over."   "Thank God, you made it to heaven," his wife cried.   "Heaven?" he answered. "What heaven? I'm a buffalo in  Montana."
The top toothbrush salesman at the company was asked by his boss how he managed to sell so many brushes. He replied "It's easy" and he pulled out his card table, setting his display of brushes on top. He told his boss, I lay the brushes out like this, and then I put out some potato chips and dip to draw in the customers. He laid out his chips and dip. His boss said, "That's a very innovative approach" and took one of the chips, dipped it, and stuck it in his mouth. "Yuck, this tastes terrible!" his boss yelled. The salesman replied "IT IS! Want to buy a toothbrush?" 
A drunk was staggering down the main street of town. Somehow, he managed to make it up the stairs to the cathedral and into the building, where he crashed from pew to pew. He finally made his way to a side aisle and into a confessional. A priest had been observing the man's sorry progress. Figuring the fellow was in need of some assistance, he proceeded to enter his side of the confessional. His attention was rewarded only by a lengthy silence. Finally he asked, "May I help you, my son?" "I dunno." came the drunk's voice from behind the partition. "You got any toilet paper on your side?"
A prisoner in jail receives a letter from his wife: "Dear Husband, I have decided to plant some lettuce in the back garden. When is the best time to plant them?" The prisoner, knowing that the prison guards read all mail, replied in a letter: "Dear Wife, whatever you do, do not touch the back garden. That is where I hid all the money." A week or so later, he received another letter from his wife: "Dear Husband, You wouldn't believe what happened, some men came with shovels to the house, and dug up all the back garden." The prisoner wrote another letter back: "Dear wife, now is the best time to plant the lettuce."
As migration approached, two elderly vultures doubted they could make the trip south, so they decided to go by airplane.   When they checked their baggage, the attendant noticed that they were carrying two dead raccoons.  "Do you wish to check the raccoons through as luggage?" she asked.   "No, thanks," replied the vultures. "They're carrion."
 Investigators at a major research institute have discovered the  heaviest element known to science. This startling new discovery has been tentatively named Administratium (Ad).  The new element has no protons or electrons, thus having an atomic  number of 0. It does, however, have 1 neutron, 125 assistant neutrons, 75 vice neutrons, and 111 assistant vice neutrons, for an atomic mass of 312. These 312 particles are held together by a force called  morons, which are surrounded by vast quantities of lepton-like  particles called peons. Since it has no electrons, Administratium is inert.  However, it can be detected as it impedes every reaction with which it came  into contact.  According to the discoverers, a minute amount of Administratium causes one  reaction to take over four days to complete when it would normally take less  than a second. Administratium has a normal half-life of approximately three  years; it does not decay, but instead undergoes a reorganization in which a  portion of the assistant neutrons, viceneutrons, and assistant vice neutrons  exchange places. In fact, an  Administratium sample's mass will actually increase over time, since  with each reorganization some of the morons inevitably become neutrons, forming new isotopes. This characteristic of moron promotion  leads some  scientists to speculate that Administratium is formed whenever morons reach a certain concentration. This hypothetical quantity is referred to as the "Critical Morass".
The top toothbrush salesman at the company was asked by his boss how he managed to sell so many brushes. He replied "It's easy" and he pulled out his card table, setting his display of brushes on top. He told his boss, I lay the brushes out like this, and then I put out some potato chips and dip to draw in the customers. He laid out his chips and dip. His boss said, "That's a very innovative approach" and took one of the chips, dipped it, and stuck it in his mouth. "Yuck, this tastes terrible!" his boss yelled. The salesman replied "IT IS! Want to buy a toothbrush?" 
One bright day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight. Back to back they faced each other, drew their knives and shot each other. A deaf policeman heard the noise. Came and killed those two dead boys. If you don't believe this lie is true, just ask the blind man he saw it too!!!
A little girl was in church with her mother when she started feeling ill. "Mommy," she said, "can we leave now?" "No," her mother replied. "Well, I think I have to throw up!" "Then go out the front door and around to the back of the church and throw up behind a bush." After about 60 seconds the little girl returned to her seat. "Did you throw up?" Mom asked. "Yes." "How could you have gone all the way to the back of the church and returned so quickly?" "I didn't have to go out of the church, Mommy. They have a box next to the front door that says, 'For the Sick.' 
Where did the fortune-teller go on her vacation? To Palm Beach.
Two women were comparing notes on the difficulties of running a small business.  "I started a new practice last year," the first one said. "I insist that each of my employees take at least a week off every three months."  "Why in the world would you do that?" the other asked.  She responded, "It's the best way I can learn which ones I can do without." 
A fellow is trying out his new sports car; driving at 80 mph he sees a state patrol car in his mirror; he drives faster to 95 mph...the police car is right behind him; brings it up to 110 mph and the police car is right on his tail...finally, he stops; the trooper comes up to his car as asks "what's your story" the trooper continues; every time I stop someone going as fast as you were, they have some kind of story. He tells the trooper; "actually, I have a story but you wouldn't believe it" the trooper says "try me"...He then tells the trooper: "three months ago, my wife ran off with a state trooper...I thought you were him bringing her back!!
A fellow is trying out his new sports car; driving at 80 mph he sees a state patrol car in his mirror; he drives faster to 95 mph...the police car is right behind him; brings it up to 110 mph and the police car is right on his tail...finally, he stops; the trooper comes up to his car as asks "what's your story" the trooper continues; every time I stop someone going as fast as you were, they have some kind of story. He tells the trooper; "actually, I have a story but you wouldn't believe it" the trooper says "try me"...He then tells the trooper: "three months ago, my wife ran off with a state trooper...I thought you were him bringing her back!!
Returning home from work, an Antartian was shocked to find her house ransacked and burglarized. She telephoned the police at once and reported the crime. The police dispatcher broadcast the call on the channels, and a K-9 unit patrolling nearby was the first to respond. As the K-9 officer approached the house with his dog on a leash, the woman ran out on the porch, shuddered at the sight of the cop and his dog, then sat down on the steps. Putting her face in her hands, she moaned, "I come home to find all my possessions stolen. I call the police for help, and what do they do? They send me a BLIND policeman!"
Once there was an Antartian that was down on his luck. In order to get some money he decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.  He went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree and told him "I've kidnapped you."  The Antartian wrote a note saying "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it beneath the pecan tree next to the slide on the north side of the city playground. Signed, An Antartian."  The Antartian then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents.  The next morning the Antartian checked, and sure enough a paper bag was sitting beneath that pecan tree. The Antartian opened up the bag and found the $10,000 with a note. The note said, "How could one Antartian do this to another Antartian?!" 
Once there was an Antartian that was down on his luck. In order to get some money he decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.  He went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree and told him "I've kidnapped you."  The Antartian wrote a note saying "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it beneath the pecan tree next to the slide on the north side of the city playground. Signed, An Antartian."  The Antartian then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents.  The next morning the Antartian checked, and sure enough a paper bag was sitting beneath that pecan tree. The Antartian opened up the bag and found the $10,000 with a note. The note said, "How could one Antartian do this to another Antartian?!" 
One day there was this man that stopped at a house because it was night, so he rang the doorbell. A lady answered, but she was all pink! So she said, "come on in", so he did. There were pink steps, pink wallpaper, pink toilets, pink everything. Later that night, another man came to the door, because it was dark and everything she let him in. Now he saw everything was pink. Finally, a third man came to the door, and again, since it was dark outside she let him in. Now he saw that everything was pink. The next morning, she woke the three men up and invited them to breakfast. So she had 2 kinds of cereal. Corn Flakes, and Cocoa puffs. The first man chose Corn Flaked, the next man chose Cocoa Puffs, and the last man chose Corn Flakes. So the moral of this story is 2 out of 3 prefer Corn Flakes over Cocoa Puffs!!!
Q. What is a snake's favorite subject?  A. Hissssssssstory
 A guy was driving when a policeman pulled him over. He rolled down his window and said to the officer, "Is there a problem, Officer?" "No problem at all. I just observed your safe driving and am pleased to award you a $5,000 Safe Driver Award. Congratulations. What do you think you're going to do with the money?"  He thought for a minute and said, "Well, I guess I'll go get that drivers' license."  The lady sitting in the passenger seat said to the policeman, "Oh, don't pay attention to him - he's a smartass when he's drunk and stoned."  The guy from the back seat said, "I TOLD you guys we wouldn't get far in a stolen car!"  At that moment, there was a knock from the trunk and a muffled voice said, "Are we over the border yet?"
 A guy was driving when a policeman pulled him over. He rolled down his window and said to the officer, "Is there a problem, Officer?" "No problem at all. I just observed your safe driving and am pleased to award you a $5,000 Safe Driver Award. Congratulations. What do you think you're going to do with the money?"  He thought for a minute and said, "Well, I guess I'll go get that drivers' license."  The lady sitting in the passenger seat said to the policeman, "Oh, don't pay attention to him - he's a smartass when he's drunk and stoned."  The guy from the back seat said, "I TOLD you guys we wouldn't get far in a stolen car!"  At that moment, there was a knock from the trunk and a muffled voice said, "Are we over the border yet?"
Two elderly couples were enjoying a friendly conversation when one of the men asked the other, "Fred, how was the memory clinic you went to last month?"  "Outstanding," Fred replied. "They taught us all the latest psychological techniques: visualization, association, etc. It was great."  "That's great! And what was the name of the clinic?"  Fred went blank. He thought and thought, but couldn't remember. Then a smile broke across his face and he asked, "What do you call that flower with the long stem and thorns?"  "You mean a rose?"  "Yes, that's it!"  He turned to his wife, "Rose, what was the name of that memory clinic?" 
Two elderly couples were enjoying a friendly conversation when one of the men asked the other, "Fred, how was the memory clinic you went to last month?"  "Outstanding," Fred replied. "They taught us all the latest psychological techniques: visualization, association, etc. It was great."  "That's great! And what was the name of the clinic?"  Fred went blank. He thought and thought, but couldn't remember. Then a smile broke across his face and he asked, "What do you call that flower with the long stem and thorns?"  "You mean a rose?"  "Yes, that's it!"  He turned to his wife, "Rose, what was the name of that memory clinic?" 
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?  ELEPHINO!!!!
An Antartian walked up to an airport ticket counter and asked to buy a round trip ticket. "Where to?" asked the smiling ticket agent. The Antartian rolled her eyes and said, "Duuuuuh, back here!"
An Antartian walked up to an airport ticket counter and asked to buy a round trip ticket. "Where to?" asked the smiling ticket agent. The Antartian rolled her eyes and said, "Duuuuuh, back here!"
An Antartian was taking a tour of a national park. The ranger mentioned to the tour group that dinosaur fossils had been found in the area. The Antartian exclaimed, "Wow. I can't believe the dinosaurs would come this close to the highway!"
An Antartian was taking a tour of a national park. The ranger mentioned to the tour group that dinosaur fossils had been found in the area. The Antartian exclaimed, "Wow. I can't believe the dinosaurs would come this close to the highway!"
A man walked into a doctor's office and the receptionist asked him what he had. He replied, "I got shingles." She said, "Fill out this form and supply your name, address, medical insurance number. When you're done, please take a seat." Fifteen minutes later a nurse's aide came out and asked him what he had. He said, "I got shingles." So she took down his height, weight, and complete medical history, then said, "Change into this gown and wait in the examining room." A half hour later a nurse came in and asked him what he had. He said, "I got shingles." So she gave him a blood test, a blood pressure test, an electrocardiogram, and told him to wait for the doctor. An hour later the doctor came in and asked him what he had. He said, "Shingles." The doctor gave him a full-cavity examination, and then said, "I just checked you out thoroughly, and I can't find shingles anywhere. " The man replied, "They're outside in the truck. Where do you want them?"
Why is 6 afraid of 7?  Because 7,8,9.
From a passenger ship, everyone can see a bearded man on a small island who is shouting and desperately waving his hands.  "Who is it?" a passenger asks the captain.  "I've no idea. Every year when we pass, he goes nuts."
A young ensign had nearly completed his first overseas tour of sea duty when he was given an opportunity to display his ability at getting the ship under way. With a stream of crisp commands, he had the decks buzzing with men. The ship steamed out of the channel and soon the port was far behind.   The ensign's efficiency has been remarkable. In fact, the deck was abuzz with talk that he had set a new record for getting a destroyer under way. The ensign glowed at his accomplishment and was not all surprised when another seaman approached him with a message from the captain.   He was, however, a bit surprised to find that it was a radio message, and he was even more surprised when he read, "My personal congratulations upon completing your underway preparation exercise according to the book and with amazing speed. In your haste, however, you have overlooked one of the unwritten rules -- Make Sure The Captain Is Aboard Before Getting Under Way." 
Q: How many military information officers does it take to change a light bulb?  A: At the present point in time it is against policy and the best interests of military strategy to divulge information of such a statistical nature. Next question, please.
Q: How many military information officers does it take to change a light bulb?  A: At the present point in time it is against policy and the best interests of military strategy to divulge information of such a statistical nature. Next question, please.
Q: How many survivors of a nuclear war does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None, people who glow in the dark don't need light bulbs.
Q: How many survivors of a nuclear war does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None, people who glow in the dark don't need light bulbs.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Colonel Sanders was after him.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Colonel Sanders was after him.
A chicken walks into a bar.  The bartender says. "We don't serve poultry!"  The chicken says "That's OK I just want a drink."
A chicken walks into a bar.  The bartender says. "We don't serve poultry!"  The chicken says "That's OK I just want a drink."
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? You're too young to smoke.
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? You're too young to smoke.
Three old ladies are sitting in a diner, chatting about various things. One lady says, "You know, I'm getting really forgetful. This morning, I was standing at the top of the stairs, and I couldn't remember whether I had just come up or was about to go down." The second lady says, "You think that's bad? The other day, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I couldn't remember whether I was going to bed or had just waken up!" The third lady smiles smugly. "Well, my memory's just as good as it's always been, knock on wood." She raps the table. With a startled look on her face, she asks, "Who's there?!"
When Ted was putting flowers on his Grandmother's grave he noticed a man, very distraught, in front of a tombstone several yards away. The man was on his knees, hands tightly clasped in front of him, rocking back and forth, head tilted upward to heaven, tears streaming down his cheeks, moaning softly, "Why did you die? Why did you die?" Over and over again. Ted was overcome with emotion at this sight and went over to the poor man to try and console him. "Why did you die? Why did you die?" bellowed the man again and again. Ted gently put his arm around the man and half whispered to him, "My Grandmother is buried just over there. Is a loved one of yours buried here?" "No," sniffled the man, "It's my wife's first husband."
Bill: Where did you get that gold watch Joe? Joe: I won it in a race.  Bill: How many people participated in it?  Joe: Three, a policeman, the owner of the watch, and me!!
A man who lived in a block of apartments thought it was raining and put his head out the window to check. As he did so, a glass eye fell into his hand. He looked up to see where it came from just in time to notice a young woman looking down. "Is this yours?" he asked. She said, "Yes, could you bring it up?" and the man agreed. On his arrival she was profuse in her thanks and offered the man a drink. Because she was very attractive, he agreed. Shortly afterward she said, "I'm about to have dinner--there's plenty. Would you like to join me?" He readily accepted her offer and both enjoyed a lovely meal. As the evening was drawing to a close the lady said, "I've had a marvelous evening. Would you like to stay the night?" The man hesitated then said, "Do you act like this with every man you meet?" "No," she replied. "Only those who catch my eye."
A motorist, after being bogged down in a muddy road, paid a passing farmer fifty dollars to pull him out with his tractor. After he was back on dry ground he said to the farmer, "At those prices, I should think you would be pulling people out of the mud night and day."  "Can't," replied the farmer. "At night I haul water for the hole." 
A man, woman and an Antartian were each going into the desert on a car trip. They could only bring one thing. The man brought some food, so they wouldn't starve to death, the woman brought some water so they wouldn't dehydrate. Now the Antartian, he brought a car door, so he could role down the window if he got hot!
Q: What do you call a cow with no hind legs?  A: Ground beef
The photographer for a national magazine was assigned to get photos of an enormous forest fire. Smoke at the scene was too thick to get any good shots, so he frantically called his home office to hire a plane.  "It will be waiting for you at the airport!" he was assured by his editor.  As soon as he got to the small, rural airport, sure enough, a plane was warming up near the runway. He jumped in with his equipment and yelled, "Let's go! Let's go!" The pilot swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air.  "Fly over the north side of the fire," said the photographer, "and make three or four low level passes."  "Why?" asked the pilot.  "Because I'm going to take pictures! I'm a photographer, and photographers take pictures!" said the photographer with great exasperation and impatience.  After a long pause the pilot said, "You mean you're not the instructor?" 
The photographer for a national magazine was assigned to get photos of an enormous forest fire. Smoke at the scene was too thick to get any good shots, so he frantically called his home office to hire a plane.  "It will be waiting for you at the airport!" he was assured by his editor.  As soon as he got to the small, rural airport, sure enough, a plane was warming up near the runway. He jumped in with his equipment and yelled, "Let's go! Let's go!" The pilot swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air.  "Fly over the north side of the fire," said the photographer, "and make three or four low level passes."  "Why?" asked the pilot.  "Because I'm going to take pictures! I'm a photographer, and photographers take pictures!" said the photographer with great exasperation and impatience.  After a long pause the pilot said, "You mean you're not the instructor?" 
There was an Antartian sitting on the living room floor painting with four coats on. When her husband got home he asked, "Honey, why are you wearing four coats and painting?" The Antartian replied, "The paint can says the color is better with 3 or 4 coats."
There was an Antartian sitting on the living room floor painting with four coats on. When her husband got home he asked, "Honey, why are you wearing four coats and painting?" The Antartian replied, "The paint can says the color is better with 3 or 4 coats."
Warning Signs of Insanity for Programmers.  1. You stay up all night coding only to realize that you haven't had any caffeine in about 6 hours.  2. You wonder why on earth anyone would make a programming language conform to such absolutely bizarre rules of grammar but in a strange way it actually begins to make sense.  3. You start dreaming in recursion (if you have any time to dream).  4. You realize not only is it daytime but your project is due in 2 hours, which isn't enough time to even begin running it.  5. You start customizing your environment because you want it "just right" (and because further work on the program is futile).  6. You wonder when the invasion will begin.  7. You understand #8.  8. You start signing your name in octal (or binary) just because.  9. You know more programming commands than actual words.  10. You realize that you have reached the end, and there is no closing command. 
Warning Signs of Insanity for Programmers.  1. You stay up all night coding only to realize that you haven't had any caffeine in about 6 hours.  2. You wonder why on earth anyone would make a programming language conform to such absolutely bizarre rules of grammar but in a strange way it actually begins to make sense.  3. You start dreaming in recursion (if you have any time to dream).  4. You realize not only is it daytime but your project is due in 2 hours, which isn't enough time to even begin running it.  5. You start customizing your environment because you want it "just right" (and because further work on the program is futile).  6. You wonder when the invasion will begin.  7. You understand #8.  8. You start signing your name in octal (or binary) just because.  9. You know more programming commands than actual words.  10. You realize that you have reached the end, and there is no closing command. 
President Clinton decided to buy a puppy as a present for Hillary. He snuck the puppy under his coat into the White House and as he was walking down one of the halls he comes upon Al Gore. Clinton could not hold back his joy and shared his surprise with the Vice President.   "Look what I got for Hillary!" exclaims Clinton, holding up the puppy.  Al Gore stares for a moment, then his eyes brighten up as he says, "Nice trade, sir!"
1. Grasp cat firmly in your arms. Cradle its head on your elbow, just as if you were giving baby a bottle. Coo confidently, "That's a nice kitty." Drop pill into its mouth.   2. Retrieve cat from top of lamp and pill from under sofa.   3. Follow same procedure as in 1, but hold cat's front paws down with left hand and back paws down with elbow of right arm. Poke pill into its mouth with right forefinger.   4. Retrieve cat from under bed. Get new pill from bottle. (Resist impulse to get new cat.)   5. Again proceed as in 1, except when you have cat firmly cradled in bottle-feeding position, sit down on edge of chair, fold your torso over cat, bring your right hand over your left elbow, open cat's mouth by lifting the upper jaw and pop the pill in - quickly. Since your head is down by your knees, you won't be able to see what you're doing. That's just as well.   6. Leave cat hanging on drapes. Leave pill in your hair.   7. If you're a woman, have a good cry. If you're a man, have a good cry.   8. Now pull yourself together. Who's the boss here anyway? Retrieve cat and pill. Assuming position  1, say sternly, "Who's the boss here, anyway?" Open cat's mouth, take pill and...Oops!   9. This isn't working, is it? Collapse and think. Aha! Those flashing claws are causing the chaos.   10. Crawl to linen closet. Drag back large beach towel. Spread towel on floor.   11. Retrieve cat from kitchen counter and pill from potted plant.   12. Spread cat on towel near one end with its head over long edge.   13. Flatten cat's front and back legs over its stomach. (Resist impulse to flatten cat.)   14. Roll cat in towel. Work fast; time and tabbies wait for no man or woman.   15. Resume position 1. Rotate your left hand to cat's head. Press its mouth at the jaw hinges like opening the petals of a snapdragon.   16. Drop pill into cat's mouth and poke gently. Voila! It's done.   17. Vacuum up loose fur (cat's). Apply bandages to wounds (yours).   18. Take two aspirins and lie down.   19. Forget aspirin, drink glass of wine and lie down. 
"An abstract noun," the teacher said, "is something you can think of, but you can't touch it.  Can you give me an example of one?"  "Sure," a teenage boy replied. "My father's new car." 
"An abstract noun," the teacher said, "is something you can think of, but you can't touch it.  Can you give me an example of one?"  "Sure," a teenage boy replied. "My father's new car." 
A man was feeling terribly out of sorts and decided to go to the doctor so he made an appointment and showed up the next day. After the doctor examined the man, the doctor invited him into his office for the consultation. The doctor came into the room with three different bottles of pills. The doctor told the man to take the red pill in the morning with a big glass of water, the blue pill in the afternoon with a big glass of water and the green pill in the evening with a big glass of water. The man, terribly shocked at the amount of pills he had to take asked the doctor what in the world was wrong with him. The doctor replied, "You aren't getting enough water."
A man was feeling terribly out of sorts and decided to go to the doctor so he made an appointment and showed up the next day. After the doctor examined the man, the doctor invited him into his office for the consultation. The doctor came into the room with three different bottles of pills. The doctor told the man to take the red pill in the morning with a big glass of water, the blue pill in the afternoon with a big glass of water and the green pill in the evening with a big glass of water. The man, terribly shocked at the amount of pills he had to take asked the doctor what in the world was wrong with him. The doctor replied, "You aren't getting enough water."
A pregnant woman gets into a car accident and falls into a deep coma.  Asleep for nearly six months, she wakes up and sees that she is no longer pregnant. Frantically, she asks the doctor about her baby.  The doctor replies, "Ma'am, you had twins! A boy and a girl. The babies are fine. Your brother came in and named them."  The woman thinks to herself, "Oh no, not my brother -- he's an idiot!" Expecting the worst, she asks the doctor, "Well, what's the girl's name?"  "Denise," the doctor says.  The new mother thinks, "Wow, that's not a bad name! Guess I was wrong about my brother. I like Denise!" Then she asks the doctor, "What's the boy's name?"  The doctor replies, DeNephew. 
A pregnant woman gets into a car accident and falls into a deep coma.  Asleep for nearly six months, she wakes up and sees that she is no longer pregnant. Frantically, she asks the doctor about her baby.  The doctor replies, "Ma'am, you had twins! A boy and a girl. The babies are fine. Your brother came in and named them."  The woman thinks to herself, "Oh no, not my brother -- he's an idiot!" Expecting the worst, she asks the doctor, "Well, what's the girl's name?"  "Denise," the doctor says.  The new mother thinks, "Wow, that's not a bad name! Guess I was wrong about my brother. I like Denise!" Then she asks the doctor, "What's the boy's name?"  The doctor replies, DeNephew. 
Two robins were sitting on a fence post in front of a freshly plowed field. One robin said to the other "I'm hungry! Are you?" "Yes," said the other robin. "Why don't we go in this field and get some worms to eat." They went in the field and started eating. They ate until they were so full they could not even move. The first robin said "I can't move, lets just stay hear and bask in the sun." "Ok," said the other robin. In a few minutes both robins fell asleep. Later that day the farm cat came up and ate both robins. When finished he remarked "I love Basken Robins."
A: One. Q: How many psychics does it take to change a  lightbulb?
A: One. Q: How many psychics does it take to change a  lightbulb?
Q. Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? A. He didn't have the guts too
Q. Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? A. He didn't have the guts too
Q: How many Object Oriented programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None, they send it a message, and it changes itself.
Q: How many Object Oriented programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None, they send it a message, and it changes itself.
An Israeli soldier who just enlisted asked the Commanding Officer for a 3-day pass.  The CO says "Are you crazy? You just join the Israeli army, and you already want a 3-day pass? You must do something spectacular for that recognition!" So the soldier comes back a day later in an Arab tank! The CO was so impressed, he asked "How did you do it?"  "Well, I jumped in a tank, and went toward the border with the Arabs. I approached the border, and saw an Arab tank. I put my white flag up, the Arab tank put his white flag up. I said to the Arab soldier, "Do you want to get a three-day pass? So we exchanged tanks!" 
An Israeli soldier who just enlisted asked the Commanding Officer for a 3-day pass.  The CO says "Are you crazy? You just join the Israeli army, and you already want a 3-day pass? You must do something spectacular for that recognition!" So the soldier comes back a day later in an Arab tank! The CO was so impressed, he asked "How did you do it?"  "Well, I jumped in a tank, and went toward the border with the Arabs. I approached the border, and saw an Arab tank. I put my white flag up, the Arab tank put his white flag up. I said to the Arab soldier, "Do you want to get a three-day pass? So we exchanged tanks!" 
A passerby noticed a couple of city workers working along the city sidewalks. The man was quite impressed with their hard work, but he couldn't understand what they were doing.  Finally, he approached the workers and asked, "I appreciate how hard you're both working, but what the heck are you doing? It seems that one of you digs a hole, and then the other guy immediately fills it back up again.  One of the city workers explained, "The third guy who plants the trees is off sick today."
A passerby noticed a couple of city workers working along the city sidewalks. The man was quite impressed with their hard work, but he couldn't understand what they were doing.  Finally, he approached the workers and asked, "I appreciate how hard you're both working, but what the heck are you doing? It seems that one of you digs a hole, and then the other guy immediately fills it back up again.  One of the city workers explained, "The third guy who plants the trees is off sick today."
There was a man sitting at a bar, and he looks over at the gentleman sitting next to him and says, "Hey, you look familiar. Are you from around here?" The man answers, "Yeah, I live down the street." "No kidding?" says the first man, "Well, so do I. And hey, you look about my age. Where did you go to high school?" "Oh I went to Francis Lewis over on Utopia. Graduated in '66. How 'bout you?" "Get out. I went to Francis Lewis. And I graduated in '66, too." "Where'd you go to college?" "Beloit, in Wisconsin." "No way! I went to Beloit too. What dorm?" "Kevin Sullivan dorm." "Sullivan? You're not going to believe this . . ." Joe the bartender walks over, and the first guy says, "Joe, you won't believe it in a million years. This guy went to the same high school as me, graduated the same year I did, and went to the same college. We were even in the same dorm. Isn't that amazing?" Joe looks at them both and says, "Yeah, that's just plain amazing." A third man comes in and says, "Hey Joe. What's new?" Joe says, "Not much. The Johnson twins are drunk again."
There was a man sitting at a bar, and he looks over at the gentleman sitting next to him and says, "Hey, you look familiar. Are you from around here?" The man answers, "Yeah, I live down the street." "No kidding?" says the first man, "Well, so do I. And hey, you look about my age. Where did you go to high school?" "Oh I went to Francis Lewis over on Utopia. Graduated in '66. How 'bout you?" "Get out. I went to Francis Lewis. And I graduated in '66, too." "Where'd you go to college?" "Beloit, in Wisconsin." "No way! I went to Beloit too. What dorm?" "Kevin Sullivan dorm." "Sullivan? You're not going to believe this . . ." Joe the bartender walks over, and the first guy says, "Joe, you won't believe it in a million years. This guy went to the same high school as me, graduated the same year I did, and went to the same college. We were even in the same dorm. Isn't that amazing?" Joe looks at them both and says, "Yeah, that's just plain amazing." A third man comes in and says, "Hey Joe. What's new?" Joe says, "Not much. The Johnson twins are drunk again."
There was this tiger that woke up one morning and just felt great (yes, just like Tony the Tiger). Anyway, he felt so good, he went out and cornered a small monkey and roared at him, "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?" And the poor quaking little monkey replied, "You are of course, no one is mightier than you."  A little while later the tiger confronted a deer, and bellowed out, "WHO IS THE GREATEST AND STRONGEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?" The deer shook so hard it could barely speak, but managed to stammer, "Oh great tiger, you are by far the mightiest animal in the jungle."  The tiger, being on a roll, swaggered up to an elephant who was quietly munching on some weeds, and roared at the top of his voice: "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE ANIMALS IN THE JUNGLE?"  Well, the elephant grabbed the tiger with his trunk, picked him up, slammed him down; picked him up again, and shook him until the tiger was just a blur of orange and black and finally threw him violently into a nearby tree. The tiger staggered to his feet and looked at the elephant and said, "Man, just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so mad." 
There was this tiger that woke up one morning and just felt great (yes, just like Tony the Tiger). Anyway, he felt so good, he went out and cornered a small monkey and roared at him, "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?" And the poor quaking little monkey replied, "You are of course, no one is mightier than you."  A little while later the tiger confronted a deer, and bellowed out, "WHO IS THE GREATEST AND STRONGEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?" The deer shook so hard it could barely speak, but managed to stammer, "Oh great tiger, you are by far the mightiest animal in the jungle."  The tiger, being on a roll, swaggered up to an elephant who was quietly munching on some weeds, and roared at the top of his voice: "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE ANIMALS IN THE JUNGLE?"  Well, the elephant grabbed the tiger with his trunk, picked him up, slammed him down; picked him up again, and shook him until the tiger was just a blur of orange and black and finally threw him violently into a nearby tree. The tiger staggered to his feet and looked at the elephant and said, "Man, just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so mad." 
Two Antartians were walking down the street. One stops and says, "Oh my god!!! A dead bird." The other looks up and says, "Were, were?"
Two Antartians were walking down the street. One stops and says, "Oh my god!!! A dead bird." The other looks up and says, "Were, were?"
Sandy McTavish had an old friend, Jock Murdock, who was quite ill. Sandy came to visit and Jock said, "Sandy, I've only a short time to live, I'm on my death bed lad." Sandy knew that and in a non-committal way he said, "Aye, that a' know old friend." Jock turned to Sandy and said, "Sandy, de ye nay ken that old bottle of Scotch that I hae been saving ah these years." Sandy, an aficionado, was immediately attentive and said, "Aye Jock, that I do." Jock said, "ye are guid friend and when I've passed I would have yee pour that Scotch on ma grave." Sandy was profoundly moved for his own reasons. After considering Jocks request for an agonizing period he brightened, turned to Jock. "Aye- aye Jock I'll de that for an old friend, but ye wouldna mind if I put it through my kidneys first." 
Sandy McTavish had an old friend, Jock Murdock, who was quite ill. Sandy came to visit and Jock said, "Sandy, I've only a short time to live, I'm on my death bed lad." Sandy knew that and in a non-committal way he said, "Aye, that a' know old friend." Jock turned to Sandy and said, "Sandy, de ye nay ken that old bottle of Scotch that I hae been saving ah these years." Sandy, an aficionado, was immediately attentive and said, "Aye Jock, that I do." Jock said, "ye are guid friend and when I've passed I would have yee pour that Scotch on ma grave." Sandy was profoundly moved for his own reasons. After considering Jocks request for an agonizing period he brightened, turned to Jock. "Aye- aye Jock I'll de that for an old friend, but ye wouldna mind if I put it through my kidneys first." 
A man's doctor told him one day, "I have bad news and worse news." "Give me the bad news first," the man said. The doctor replied, "The bad news is, you only have 24 hours to live." "What?!? That's terrible! What could possibly be worse?" The doctor's answer: "I've been trying to reach you since yesterday."
Q: How do you keep an Antartian busy for hours?  A: Give him/her a blank sheet of paper and tell them to write their name on the front.
A woman walks into a convenience store. She walks straight to the manager and asks,  "Do you have any small notebooks?"  "Sorry," says the manager. "We're all out."  The woman shrugs, and asks, "Well, do you have any mechanical pencils?"  "Nope, don't have that either," says the manager.  The woman feels her stomach rumbling and asks, "Do you have Doritos? Nachos?"  The manager shrugs, "Sorry."  "Hmmph. How about Chapstick?" says the woman.  "Nope. Don't have that."  "My God!" the woman shouts, "If you don't have anything, you should close the stinking store!"  The manager shrugs, "Don't have the key." 
A panda bear walks into a restaurant and orders a meal. After eating he pulls out a gun, shoots the place to the ground, and runs away. Quickly the bartender runs after him yelling, "HEY YOU CAN'T DO THIS!!!" The panda turns around and yells "Yes I can. Look me up in the encyclopedia!" So, the bartender looks up "Panda" in the encyclopedia, and it reads "Panda: increasingly rare species of bear that can be found in the eastern part of Asia. It eats shoots and leaves.”
A panda bear walks into a restaurant and orders a meal. After eating he pulls out a gun, shoots the place to the ground, and runs away. Quickly the bartender runs after him yelling, "HEY YOU CAN'T DO THIS!!!" The panda turns around and yells "Yes I can. Look me up in the encyclopedia!" So, the bartender looks up "Panda" in the encyclopedia, and it reads "Panda: increasingly rare species of bear that can be found in the eastern part of Asia. It eats shoots and leaves.”
A guy was driving when a policeman pulled him over. He rolled down his window and said to the officer,  "Is there a problem, Officer?"  "No problem at all. I just observed your safe driving and am pleased to award you a $5,000 Safe Driver Award. Congratulations. What do you think you're going to do with the money?"  The driver thought for a minute and said, "Well, I guess I'll go get that drivers' license." The lady sitting in the passenger seat said to the policeman, "Oh, don't pay attention to him - he's a smart butt when he's drunk and stoned." The guy from the back seat said, "I TOLD you guys we wouldn't get far in a stolen car!"  At that moment, there was a knock from the trunk and a muffled voice said, "Are we over the border yet?"
A guy was driving when a policeman pulled him over. He rolled down his window and said to the officer,  "Is there a problem, Officer?"  "No problem at all. I just observed your safe driving and am pleased to award you a $5,000 Safe Driver Award. Congratulations. What do you think you're going to do with the money?"  The driver thought for a minute and said, "Well, I guess I'll go get that drivers' license." The lady sitting in the passenger seat said to the policeman, "Oh, don't pay attention to him - he's a smart butt when he's drunk and stoned." The guy from the back seat said, "I TOLD you guys we wouldn't get far in a stolen car!"  At that moment, there was a knock from the trunk and a muffled voice said, "Are we over the border yet?"
A woman was waiting in the checkout line at a shopping center. Her arms were laden with a mop and broom and other cleaning supplies. By her actions and deep sighs, it was obvious she was in an extreme hurry, and was not happy about the slowness of the line.  When the cashier called for a price check on a box of soap, the woman remarked indignantly, "Well, I'll be lucky to get out of here and home before Easter!"  "Don't worry, ma'am," replied the clerk. "With that wind kicking up out there and that brand new broom, you'll be home in no time." 
A woman was waiting in the checkout line at a shopping center. Her arms were laden with a mop and broom and other cleaning supplies. By her actions and deep sighs, it was obvious she was in an extreme hurry, and was not happy about the slowness of the line.  When the cashier called for a price check on a box of soap, the woman remarked indignantly, "Well, I'll be lucky to get out of here and home before Easter!"  "Don't worry, ma'am," replied the clerk. "With that wind kicking up out there and that brand new broom, you'll be home in no time." 
An old man was tired from riding his bike, and decided to hitch hike. A guy in his red Corvette pulled up to give him a lift. When the old man brought out his bike that he had leaned up against a tree, the driver said, "I have no room for your bike in my car, but I'd like to help you in someway seeing you standing here in the hot sun." After a few seconds of thought, the driver said, "I know what we can do. I have a rope behind my seat. I'll tie one end of it to the rear end of my car and the other end to the front your bike. You ride your bike, and I'll give you this whistle. If I go too fast for you, just blow your whistle and I'll slow down." The old guy agreed to it. So off he went down the highway with the old man and his bike in tow. A little ways down the rode, a young lady in a bright yellow corvette pulls up next to them. She gives the guy in the red Vette the High Sign, meaning "you want a drag?" Off they go down the highway, 100 plus MPH, the old man blowing his whistle like crazy. They zipped by a Highway Patrol cop sitting under a tree. The cop knew he couldn't catch them, so he called ahead to his fellow cop down the rode to intercept. "Car number 2, this is car number 1." "Go head number 1, what'cha got for me?" I got a red and yellow Vettes come down your way doing hundred plus, can you intercept?" "Ten-four, Is there anything else?" "Yeah, you wouldn't believe this, but there is an old guy riding a bicycle blowing his whistle trying to pass."
An old man was tired from riding his bike, and decided to hitch hike. A guy in his red Corvette pulled up to give him a lift. When the old man brought out his bike that he had leaned up against a tree, the driver said, "I have no room for your bike in my car, but I'd like to help you in someway seeing you standing here in the hot sun." After a few seconds of thought, the driver said, "I know what we can do. I have a rope behind my seat. I'll tie one end of it to the rear end of my car and the other end to the front your bike. You ride your bike, and I'll give you this whistle. If I go too fast for you, just blow your whistle and I'll slow down." The old guy agreed to it. So off he went down the highway with the old man and his bike in tow. A little ways down the rode, a young lady in a bright yellow corvette pulls up next to them. She gives the guy in the red Vette the High Sign, meaning "you want a drag?" Off they go down the highway, 100 plus MPH, the old man blowing his whistle like crazy. They zipped by a Highway Patrol cop sitting under a tree. The cop knew he couldn't catch them, so he called ahead to his fellow cop down the rode to intercept. "Car number 2, this is car number 1." "Go head number 1, what'cha got for me?" I got a red and yellow Vettes come down your way doing hundred plus, can you intercept?" "Ten-four, Is there anything else?" "Yeah, you wouldn't believe this, but there is an old guy riding a bicycle blowing his whistle trying to pass."
A frog goes into a bank and hops up to a teller. He can see from her name plate that she is called Patricia Whack, so he says "Ms. Whack, I'd like to borrow $30,000, please."  The teller asks for his name and the frog replies that he is Kermit Jagger, son of Mick Jagger, and a personal friend of the bank manager. Unconvinced, Ms. Whack explains she will need some identity and also some security against his loan. The frog produces a tiny pink porcelain elephant and hands it to her.   The confused teller says she will have to consult with her manager. "There's a frog called Kermit Jagger at the counter who wants to borrow $30,000," she tells her boss. "And what do you think this elephant is about?"  The manager looks back at her and says, "It's a knick-knack, Patti Whack, give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
Bruno came home from school crying in hysterics. Looking at the bruises all over his face, it was apparent he got into some trouble. "What happened to you?" his father says in a panicky manner. "You remember the other day you told me 'Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never harm me.'" "Of course," the father replies. "Well," Bruno says, "you were right about the sticks and stones."
Q. What would happen if you have a wooden car, with wooden wheels, a wooden chair, and a wooden engine? A. It wooden start!
Bill Clinton, Bill Gates and Al Gore were in an airplane that crashed. They're up in heaven, and God's sitting on the great white throne. God addresses Al first. "Al, what do you believe in?"  Al replies, "Well, I believe that the combustion engine is evil and that we need to save the world from CFCs and that if any more Freon is used, the whole earth will become a greenhouse and we'll all die." God thinks for a second and says, "Okay, I can live with that. Come and sit at my left."  God then addresses Bill Clinton: "Bill, what do you believe in?"  Bill Clinton replies, "Well, I believe in power to the people. I think people should be able to make their own choices about things and that no one should ever be able to tell someone else what to do. I also believe in feeling people's pain."  God thinks for a second and says, "Okay, that sounds good. Come and sit at my right."  God then addresses Bill Gates: "Bill Gates, what do you believe in?"  Bill Gates says, "I believe you're in my chair." 
Bill Clinton, Bill Gates and Al Gore were in an airplane that crashed. They're up in heaven, and God's sitting on the great white throne. God addresses Al first. "Al, what do you believe in?"  Al replies, "Well, I believe that the combustion engine is evil and that we need to save the world from CFCs and that if any more Freon is used, the whole earth will become a greenhouse and we'll all die." God thinks for a second and says, "Okay, I can live with that. Come and sit at my left."  God then addresses Bill Clinton: "Bill, what do you believe in?"  Bill Clinton replies, "Well, I believe in power to the people. I think people should be able to make their own choices about things and that no one should ever be able to tell someone else what to do. I also believe in feeling people's pain."  God thinks for a second and says, "Okay, that sounds good. Come and sit at my right."  God then addresses Bill Gates: "Bill Gates, what do you believe in?"  Bill Gates says, "I believe you're in my chair." 
Notice to Employees (Includes Part Time Workers)   SICKNESS  We will no longer accept your doctors' statements as proof.  We believe if you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to work.  LEAVE OF ABSENCE FOR SURGERY  We are no longer allowing this practice. As long as you are employed here, you will need all of whatever you have and should not consider having anything removed. We hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we bargained for. Anyone having operations will be FIRED immediately.  PREGNANCY  In the event of extreme pregnancy, you will be allowed to go to the first aid room when the pains are FIVE MINUTES apart. If it is false labor, you will have to take an hour's leave without pay.   DEATH  This will be accepted as an excuse, BUT we would like two weeks notice, as we feel it is your duty to teach someone your job prior to . . . or after death.   This new benefit program started yesterday.  The Management 
A man and a woman who have never met before find themselves in the same sleeping carriage of a train. After the initial embarrassment, they both manage to get to sleep; the woman on the top bunk, the man on the lower.  In the middle of the night the woman leans over and says, "I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm awfully cold and I was wondering if you could possibly pass me another blanket."  The man leans out and with a glint in his eye said "I've got a better idea ... let's pretend we're married."  "Why not," giggles the woman.  "Good," he replies. "Get your own blanket." 
A guy was in a cave, looking for treasure. He found an old lamp, rubbed it, and a genie came out. The genie said "I will grant you three wishes, but your ex-wife will get double." The man agreed, and said "I wish I had a mansion." The genie granted it, and his ex-wife got two mansions. The man said "I would like a million dollars." The genie again granted it and his ex-wife got two million dollars. Then the man said, "Scare me half to death."
1. Your potted plants stay alive.  2. You keep more food than beer in the fridge.  3. 6:00 A.M. is when you get up, not when you go to sleep.  4. You hear your favorite song on an elevator.  5. You carry an umbrella. You watch the Weather Channel. 6. Your friends marry and divorce instead of hookup and breakup.  7. You go from 130 days of vacation time to 7. 8. Jeans and a sweater no longer qualify as 'dressed up'.  9. You're the one calling the police because those darn kids next door don't know how to turn down the stereo. 10. Your car insurance goes down and your car payments go up.  11. Sleeping on the couch makes your back hurt.  12. You no longer take naps from noon to 6 p.m. 13. Dinner and a movie = The whole date instead of the beginning of one. 14. "I just can't drink the way I used to" replaces "I'm never going to drink that much again."  15. Over 90% of the time you spend in front of a computer is for real work. 
The local newspaper funeral notice telephone operator received a phone call. The woman on the other end asked, "How much do funeral notices cost?"  "$5.00 per word, Ma'am," came the response.  "Good, do you have a paper and pencil handy?"  "Yes, Ma'am."  "OK, write this: 'Cohen died.'"  "I'm sorry, Ma'am; I forgot to tell you there's a five-word minimum."  "Hmmph," came the reply, "You certainly did forget to tell me that." A moment of silence. "Got your pencil and paper?"  "Yes, Ma'am."  "OK, print this: 'Cohen died, Cadillac for sale.'" 
The local newspaper funeral notice telephone operator received a phone call. The woman on the other end asked, "How much do funeral notices cost?"  "$5.00 per word, Ma'am," came the response.  "Good, do you have a paper and pencil handy?"  "Yes, Ma'am."  "OK, write this: 'Cohen died.'"  "I'm sorry, Ma'am; I forgot to tell you there's a five-word minimum."  "Hmmph," came the reply, "You certainly did forget to tell me that." A moment of silence. "Got your pencil and paper?"  "Yes, Ma'am."  "OK, print this: 'Cohen died, Cadillac for sale.'" 
A man purchased a brand new $350,000.00 Lamborghini sports car. He took it out on the expressway to see just how fast his car would travel. The man accelerated past 100 mph and then an old man on a moped passed him up like he was standing still. The man in the sports car was amazed at the feat and accelerated so quickly he passed the old man on his moped like he was standing still too. Then as quickly as the man in his sports car passed the old man on his moped, the old man passed him up again just as quickly. The man in the sports car felt so intimidated that he accelerated as fast as he could and passed up the old man on the moped again. The old man on his moped once again passed up the sports car. Finally the man in his sports car could not believe his eyes, so he got past the old man on the moped and pulled over to the side of the expressway. The old man on the moped pulled over too. The man in the sports car got out and ran over to the old man on the moped and asked "How in the world could you get that moped to go near as fast as my new $350,000.00 sports car?" The old man on the moped was huffing and puffing and trying to catch his breath. He looked up and said "Mr., I'm so glad you pulled over because for the last 10 minutes my suspenders have been hooked on to the rear of your' bumper!" 
A man purchased a brand new $350,000.00 Lamborghini sports car. He took it out on the expressway to see just how fast his car would travel. The man accelerated past 100 mph and then an old man on a moped passed him up like he was standing still. The man in the sports car was amazed at the feat and accelerated so quickly he passed the old man on his moped like he was standing still too. Then as quickly as the man in his sports car passed the old man on his moped, the old man passed him up again just as quickly. The man in the sports car felt so intimidated that he accelerated as fast as he could and passed up the old man on the moped again. The old man on his moped once again passed up the sports car. Finally the man in his sports car could not believe his eyes, so he got past the old man on the moped and pulled over to the side of the expressway. The old man on the moped pulled over too. The man in the sports car got out and ran over to the old man on the moped and asked "How in the world could you get that moped to go near as fast as my new $350,000.00 sports car?" The old man on the moped was huffing and puffing and trying to catch his breath. He looked up and said "Mr., I'm so glad you pulled over because for the last 10 minutes my suspenders have been hooked on to the rear of your' bumper!" 
A completely inebriated man was stumbling down the street with one foot on the curb and one foot in the gutter. A cop pulled up and said, "I've got to take you in, pal. You're obviously drunk."  Our wasted friend asked, "Officer, are ya absolutely sure I'm drunk?"  Yeah, buddy, I'm sure," said the copper. "Let's go."  Breathing a sigh of relief, the wino said, "Thank goodness, I thought I was a cripple." 
Notice to Employees (Includes Part Time Workers)   SICKNESS  We will no longer accept your doctors' statements as proof.  We believe if you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to work.  LEAVE OF ABSENCE FOR SURGERY  We are no longer allowing this practice. As long as you are employed here, you will need all of whatever you have and should not consider having anything removed. We hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we bargained for. Anyone having operations will be FIRED immediately.  PREGNANCY  In the event of extreme pregnancy, you will be allowed to go to the first aid room when the pains are FIVE MINUTES apart. If it is false labor, you will have to take an hour's leave without pay.   DEATH  This will be accepted as an excuse, BUT we would like two weeks notice, as we feel it is your duty to teach someone your job prior to . . . or after death.   This new benefit program started yesterday.  The Management 
Top 10 signs your presidential candidate is under-qualified  10. Promises to improve foreign relations with Hawaii.  9. Runs a series of attack ads against Martin Sheen's character on "The West Wing."  8. His #1 choice to work on his cabinet is "That Bob Vila guy."  7. Outstanding record as Governor of Rhode Island nullified by the fact that no one really cares.  6. Got his degree in Political Economics by bribing Sally Struthers with a chocolate donut.  5. Anybody mentions Washington, he asks, "The state or the DC thingie?"  4. At the debates, answers every question with a snarled, "You wanna wrestle?!?"  3. Vows to put an end to the war in Pokemon and free the Pikachu refugees once and for all.  2. Says the Pledge of Allegiance as quickly as possible, then shouts, "I win!"  ….. and the Number 1 Sign Your Presidential Candidate Is Under-Qualified..  1. On the very first question of the debate, he attempts to use a LIFELINE. 
Top 10 signs your presidential candidate is under-qualified  10. Promises to improve foreign relations with Hawaii.  9. Runs a series of attack ads against Martin Sheen's character on "The West Wing."  8. His #1 choice to work on his cabinet is "That Bob Vila guy."  7. Outstanding record as Governor of Rhode Island nullified by the fact that no one really cares.  6. Got his degree in Political Economics by bribing Sally Struthers with a chocolate donut.  5. Anybody mentions Washington, he asks, "The state or the DC thingie?"  4. At the debates, answers every question with a snarled, "You wanna wrestle?!?"  3. Vows to put an end to the war in Pokemon and free the Pikachu refugees once and for all.  2. Says the Pledge of Allegiance as quickly as possible, then shouts, "I win!"  ….. and the Number 1 Sign Your Presidential Candidate Is Under-Qualified..  1. On the very first question of the debate, he attempts to use a LIFELINE. 
A man and a woman who have never met before find themselves in the same sleeping carriage of a train. After the initial embarrassment, they both manage to get to sleep; the woman on the top bunk, the man on the lower.  In the middle of the night the woman leans over and says, "I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm awfully cold and I was wondering if you could possibly pass me another blanket."  The man leans out and with a glint in his eye said "I've got a better idea ... let's pretend we're married."  "Why not," giggles the woman.  "Good," he replies. "Get your own blanket." 
A completely inebriated man was stumbling down the street with one foot on the curb and one foot in the gutter. A cop pulled up and said, "I've got to take you in, pal. You're obviously drunk."  Our wasted friend asked, "Officer, are ya absolutely sure I'm drunk?"  Yeah, buddy, I'm sure," said the copper. "Let's go."  Breathing a sigh of relief, the wino said, "Thank goodness, I thought I was a cripple." 
Quick Wit:  A police officer in a small town stopped a motorist who was speeding down Main Street.  "But officer." the man began, "I can explain,".  "Just be quiet," snapped the officer. "I'm going to let you cool your heels in jail until the chief gets back..."  "But officer, I just wanted to say...."  "And I said to keep quiet! You're going to jail!"  A few hours later the officer looked in on his prisoner and said, "Lucky for you that the chief is at his daughter's wedding. He'll be in a good mood when he gets back."  "Don't count on it," answered the fellow in the cell. "I'm the groom." 
Quick Wit:  A police officer in a small town stopped a motorist who was speeding down Main Street.  "But officer." the man began, "I can explain,".  "Just be quiet," snapped the officer. "I'm going to let you cool your heels in jail until the chief gets back..."  "But officer, I just wanted to say...."  "And I said to keep quiet! You're going to jail!"  A few hours later the officer looked in on his prisoner and said, "Lucky for you that the chief is at his daughter's wedding. He'll be in a good mood when he gets back."  "Don't count on it," answered the fellow in the cell. "I'm the groom." 
Minds are like parachutes.they only work when they're open Money is like a promise, easier made than kept
Minds are like parachutes.they only work when they're open Money is like a promise, easier made than kept
Top ten ways that you know you are suffering from "job burnout"  10. You're so tired; you now answer the phone, "Hell." 9. Your friends call to ask how you've been, and you immediately scream, "Get off my back!!" 8. Your garbage can IS your "In" box. 7. You wake up to discover that your bed is on fire, but go back to sleep because you just don't care. 6. You have so much on your mind; you've forgotten how to pee. 5. Visions of the upcoming weekend help you make it through Monday. 4. You don't set your alarm anymore because you know the pager will go off before the alarm does. 3. You leave for a party and instinctively bring your ID badge. 2. Your Day Timer exploded a week ago. 1. You think about how relaxing it would be if you were in jail right now
Top ten ways that you know you are suffering from "job burnout"  10. You're so tired; you now answer the phone, "Hell." 9. Your friends call to ask how you've been, and you immediately scream, "Get off my back!!" 8. Your garbage can IS your "In" box. 7. You wake up to discover that your bed is on fire, but go back to sleep because you just don't care. 6. You have so much on your mind; you've forgotten how to pee. 5. Visions of the upcoming weekend help you make it through Monday. 4. You don't set your alarm anymore because you know the pager will go off before the alarm does. 3. You leave for a party and instinctively bring your ID badge. 2. Your Day Timer exploded a week ago. 1. You think about how relaxing it would be if you were in jail right now
One day Mikey was sitting in his apartment when his doorbell unexpectedly rang. He answered the door and found a salesman standing on his porch with a strange object. "What is that?" Mikey asked.  "It's a thermos," the salesman replied.   "What does it do?" asked Mikey.   "This baby," the salesman said, "keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  After some deliberation Mikey bought one, deciding it would really help his lunch situation. The next day he arrived at the plant where he works. Sure enough, all the other employees were curious about his new object. "What is it?" they asked.  "It's a thermos," Mikey replied.  "What does it do?" they asked.  "Well," Mikey says in a bragging manner, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  "What do ya got in it?"  To which Mikey says, "Three cups of coffee and a popsicle."
The 12-Step Program for Internet Addicts  1) I will have a cup of coffee in the morning and read my newspaper like I use to. 2) I will eat breakfast with a knife and fork and not with one hand typing. 3) I will get dressed before noon. 4) I will make an attempt to clean the house, wash the dog, get the kids off to school, all before even thinking of the Internet. 5) I will sit down and write a letter to those unfortunate few friends and family that are Internet-deprived. 6) I will call someone on the phone who I cannot contact via the Internet. 7) I will read a book...if I still remember how. 8) I will listen to those around me and their needs and stop telling them to turn the TV down so I can hear what is happening on the Web. 9) I will not be tempted during TV commercials to check for email. 10) I will try and get out of the house at least once a week, if it is necessary or not. 11) I will remember that my bank is not forgiving if I forget to balance my checkbook because I was too busy on my computer. 12) Last, but not least, I will remember that I must go to bed some time....and the Internet will always be there tomorrow!
The 12-Step Program for Internet Addicts  1) I will have a cup of coffee in the morning and read my newspaper like I use to. 2) I will eat breakfast with a knife and fork and not with one hand typing. 3) I will get dressed before noon. 4) I will make an attempt to clean the house, wash the dog, get the kids off to school, all before even thinking of the Internet. 5) I will sit down and write a letter to those unfortunate few friends and family that are Internet-deprived. 6) I will call someone on the phone who I cannot contact via the Internet. 7) I will read a book...if I still remember how. 8) I will listen to those around me and their needs and stop telling them to turn the TV down so I can hear what is happening on the Web. 9) I will not be tempted during TV commercials to check for email. 10) I will try and get out of the house at least once a week, if it is necessary or not. 11) I will remember that my bank is not forgiving if I forget to balance my checkbook because I was too busy on my computer. 12) Last, but not least, I will remember that I must go to bed some time....and the Internet will always be there tomorrow!
If Microsoft Built Cars   1. Every time they repainted the lines on the road you would have to buy a new car.  2. Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason, and you would just accept this, restart and drive on.  3. Occasionally, executing a maneuver would cause your car to stop and fail and you would have to re-install the engine. For some strange reason, you would accept this too.  4. You could only have one person in the car at a time, unless you bought "Car95" or "CarNT". But, then you would have to buy more seats.  5. Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast, twice as easy to drive - but would only run on 5 percent of the roads.  6. The Macintosh car owners would get expensive Microsoft upgrades to their cars, which would make their cars run much slower.  7. The oil, gas and alternator warning lights would be replaced by a single "general car default" warning light.  8. The air bag system would say, "are you sure?" before going off.  9. If you were involved in a crash, you would have no idea what happened. 
If Microsoft Built Cars   1. Every time they repainted the lines on the road you would have to buy a new car.  2. Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason, and you would just accept this, restart and drive on.  3. Occasionally, executing a maneuver would cause your car to stop and fail and you would have to re-install the engine. For some strange reason, you would accept this too.  4. You could only have one person in the car at a time, unless you bought "Car95" or "CarNT". But, then you would have to buy more seats.  5. Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast, twice as easy to drive - but would only run on 5 percent of the roads.  6. The Macintosh car owners would get expensive Microsoft upgrades to their cars, which would make their cars run much slower.  7. The oil, gas and alternator warning lights would be replaced by a single "general car default" warning light.  8. The air bag system would say, "are you sure?" before going off.  9. If you were involved in a crash, you would have no idea what happened. 
You Know you are Addicted to the Internet When...  · You step out of your room and realize that your parents have moved, and you don't have a clue when it happened.  · Your wife drapes a blond wig over your monitor to remind you of what she looks like.  · All of your friends have an @ in their names.  · Your dog has its own home page.  · You can't call your mother... she doesn't have a modem.  · You wake up at 3 a.m. to go to the bathroom and stop and check your e-mail on the way back to bed.  · You buy a Captain Kirk chair with a built-in keyboard and mouse.  · You get a new suit that says, "This best viewed with Netscape 4.01 or higher."  · The last girl you asked out was only a jpeg.  · Your wife says communication is important in a marriage... so you buy another computer and install a second phone line so the two of you can chat. 
You Know you are Addicted to the Internet When...  · You step out of your room and realize that your parents have moved, and you don't have a clue when it happened.  · Your wife drapes a blond wig over your monitor to remind you of what she looks like.  · All of your friends have an @ in their names.  · Your dog has its own home page.  · You can't call your mother... she doesn't have a modem.  · You wake up at 3 a.m. to go to the bathroom and stop and check your e-mail on the way back to bed.  · You buy a Captain Kirk chair with a built-in keyboard and mouse.  · You get a new suit that says, "This best viewed with Netscape 4.01 or higher."  · The last girl you asked out was only a jpeg.  · Your wife says communication is important in a marriage... so you buy another computer and install a second phone line so the two of you can chat. 
A policeman brought four boys before a judge.  "They were causing an awful lot of commotion at the zoo, your Honor," he said. "Boys," said the judge sternly, "I never like to hear reports of juvenile delinquency.  Now I want each of you to tell me your name and what you were doing wrong." "My name is George," said the first boy, "and I threw peanuts into the elephant pen." "My name is Pete," said the second boy, "and I threw peanuts into the elephant pen." "My name is Mike," said the third boy, "and I threw peanuts into the elephant pen." "My name is Peanuts," said the fourth boy.
A policeman brought four boys before a judge.  "They were causing an awful lot of commotion at the zoo, your Honor," he said.  "Boys," said the judge sternly, "I never like to hear reports of juvenile delinquency. Now I want each of you to tell me your name and what you were doing wrong."  "My name is George," said the first boy, "and I threw peanuts into the elephant pen."  "My name is Pete," said the second boy, "and I threw peanuts into the elephant pen."  "My name is Mike," said the third boy, "and I threw peanuts into the elephant pen."  "My name is Peanuts," said the fourth boy.
Two Antartians are walking down the street. One finds a little mirror, and looks in it. She looks again, and again.  Puzzled, she says to her friend, "I just know I've seen this face before!"  "Give it to me", says the other Antartian. She looks in the mirror and says, "Of course, silly! It's me!"
Two Antartians are walking down the street. One finds a little mirror, and looks in it. She looks again, and again.  Puzzled, she says to her friend, "I just know I've seen this face before!"  "Give it to me", says the other Antartian. She looks in the mirror and says, "Of course, silly! It's me!"
The barn at Larry and Susan's farm burned down, and Susan called the insurance company.  Susan: "We had that barn insured for fifty thousand and I want my money."  Agent: "Wait just a minute, Susan... it doesn't work quite like that. We will determine the value of the old barn and provide you with a new one of comparable worth."  Susan, after a pause: "I'd like to cancel the policy on my husband."
The barn at Larry and Susan's farm burned down, and Susan called the insurance company.  Susan: "We had that barn insured for fifty thousand and I want my money."  Agent: "Wait just a minute, Susan... it doesn't work quite like that. We will determine the value of the old barn and provide you with a new one of comparable worth."  Susan, after a pause: "I'd like to cancel the policy on my husband."
Things to do While Downloading A File On Your Computer:  · Buff your mouse pad  · Make a list of things to download  · Play a percussive beat on your thighs in time with your modem  · Count to 500 in "click" language  · Go outside and actually breathe fresh air (don't overdo!)  · Do a pushup for every blue bar on the progress meter
Things to do While Downloading A File On Your Computer:  · Buff your mouse pad  · Make a list of things to download  · Play a percussive beat on your thighs in time with your modem  · Count to 500 in "click" language  · Go outside and actually breathe fresh air (don't overdo!)  · Do a pushup for every blue bar on the progress meter
The female dormitory will be out-of-bounds for all male students, so too the male dormitory to the female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $20 the first time. Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $60. Being caught a third time will incur a hefty fine of $180. Are there any questions?"  At this, a male student in the crowd inquires, "Er... How much for a season pass?"
The female dormitory will be out-of-bounds for all male students, so too the male dormitory to the female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $20 the first time. Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $60. Being caught a third time will incur a hefty fine of $180. Are there any questions?"  At this, a male student in the crowd inquires, "Er... How much for a season pass?"
Three men are in a hot-air balloon. Soon, they find themselves lost in a canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I have an idea. We can call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices far enough for someone to hear us."   So he leans over the basket and yells out, "Helllloooooo! Where are we?" (They hear the echo several times).  15 minutes later, the men in the balloon hear an echoing voice: "Helllloooooo! You're lost!!"  One of the men says, "That must be a Microsoft service tech!"  Puzzled, one of the other men asks, "Why do you say that?"  The man replies: "For three reasons:  (1) he took a long time to answer,  (2) he was absolutely correct, and  (3) his answer was absolutely useless."
Three men are in a hot-air balloon. Soon, they find themselves lost in a canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I have an idea. We can call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices far enough for someone to hear us."   So he leans over the basket and yells out, "Helllloooooo! Where are we?" (They hear the echo several times).  15 minutes later, the men in the balloon hear an echoing voice: "Helllloooooo! You're lost!!"  One of the men says, "That must be a Microsoft service tech!"  Puzzled, one of the other men asks, "Why do you say that?"  The man replies: "For three reasons:  (1) he took a long time to answer,  (2) he was absolutely correct, and  (3) his answer was absolutely useless."
One day, a Mechanical Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Chemical Engineer and Computer Engineer were driving down the street in the same car. All of a sudden, the car broke down.  The Mechanical Engineer said, "I think a rod broke."  The Chemical Engineer said, "The way it sputtered at the end, I don't think it's getting gas."  The Electrical Engineer said, "I think there was a spark and something is wrong with the electrical system."  All three turned to the computer engineer and said, "What do you think?"  The Computer Engineer said, "I think we should all get out and get back in."
One day, a Mechanical Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Chemical Engineer and Computer Engineer were driving down the street in the same car. All of a sudden, the car broke down.  The Mechanical Engineer said, "I think a rod broke."  The Chemical Engineer said, "The way it sputtered at the end, I don't think it's getting gas."  The Electrical Engineer said, "I think there was a spark and something is wrong with the electrical system."  All three turned to the computer engineer and said, "What do you think?"  The Computer Engineer said, "I think we should all get out and get back in."
All of a sudden this huge extra-extra strong mint walks into a pub, he sits down and starts boasting about how he's the strongest mint and how he could win any fight, then another mint walks in, the extra-extra strong mint dives under a table! Someone asks him "I thought you where the strongest mint around???" "I know!" he replies, "but he's menthol". 
A minister was asked to dinner by one of his parishioners who was known for being a poor housekeeper.  When he sat down at the table, he noticed that the dishes were the dirtiest that he had ever seen in his life. "Have these dishes ever been washed?" he asked his hostess, running his fingers over the grit and grime.  She replied, "They're as clean as soap and water could get them."  He felt a bit apprehensive, but blessed the food anyway and started eating. It was really delicious and he said so, despite the dirty dishes. When dinner was over, the hostess took the dishes outside, whistled and yelled, "Here, Soap! Here, Water!" 
Two elderly ladies meet at the market after not seeing each other for some time. One asked how the other's husband was doing. "Oh! Rodger died last week. He went out to the garden to dig up a cabbage for dinner, had a heart attack and dropped dead right there in the vegetable patch." "Oh dear, I'm sorry," replied her friend, "What did you do?"  "Opened a can of peas instead."
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk.
Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?  A: Frostbite. 
Two elephants jumped off a cliff....... BOOM BOOM! 
4 baseball fans want to show their teams that they're each the biggest fans in the world, so they decide to climb the biggest mountain they can find. The first one to the top is a Braves fan, and he says, "I'm the biggest fan in the world! This is for you Braves!" and he jumps off. The second one to the top is a Mets fan and he says, "I love you more than anything Mets, this is for you!" and he jumps off. The last 2 people who get to the top get there at the same time. One is a Red Sox fan and one is a Yankee fan. When they're both standing at the top together, the Red Sox fan says, "This one is for all baseball fans everywhere!" And the Red Sox fan pushes the Yankee fan off.
Once there was this young who discovered a treasure trove. Amongst the old and valuable things he noticed a worn out lamp. He rubbed the lamp and out came the genie. "Yes master, express your wish", the genie howled. The man said, "Genie get me a grand villa where I can live happily ever after with my girlfriend". The genie looked at the man and said, "Well, if I could make a villa like that, then why the hell do you suppose I live in this stuffy worn out lamp?"
Way to keep healthy level of insanity in the workplace 1. Page yourself over the intercom. (Don't disguise your voice.) 2. Find out where your boss shops and buy exactly the same outfits. Always wear them one day after your boss does. (This is especially effective if your boss is a different gender than you are.) 3. While sitting at your desk, soak your fingers in "Palmolive." 4. Put up mosquito netting around your cubicle. 5. Every time someone asks you to do something, ask them if they want fries with that. 6. Put your garbage can on your desk. Label it "IN." 7. Determine how many cups of coffee are "too many." 8. Put decaf in the coffeemaker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso. 9. In the memo field of all your checks, write "for sexual favors." 10. If you have a glass eye, tap on it occasionally with your pen while talking to others. 11. When driving colleagues around insist on keeping your car windshield wipers running in all weather conditions "to keep 'em tuned up." 12. Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think?" 13. While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a Parakeet. 14. Sit in the parking lot at lunchtime pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down. 15. Ask your co-workers mysterious questions and then scribble their answers in a notebook. Mutter something about "psychological profiles".
Way to keep healthy level of insanity in the workplace 1. Page yourself over the intercom. (Don't disguise your voice.) 2. Find out where your boss shops and buy exactly the same outfits. Always wear them one day after your boss does. (This is especially effective if your boss is a different gender than you are.) 3. While sitting at your desk, soak your fingers in "Palmolive." 4. Put up mosquito netting around your cubicle. 5. Every time someone asks you to do something, ask them if they want fries with that. 6. Put your garbage can on your desk. Label it "IN." 7. Determine how many cups of coffee are "too many." 8. Put decaf in the coffeemaker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso. 9. In the memo field of all your checks, write "for sexual favors." 10. If you have a glass eye, tap on it occasionally with your pen while talking to others. 11. When driving colleagues around insist on keeping your car windshield wipers running in all weather conditions "to keep 'em tuned up." 12. Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think?" 13. While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a Parakeet. 14. Sit in the parking lot at lunchtime pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down. 15. Ask your co-workers mysterious questions and then scribble their answers in a notebook. Mutter something about "psychological profiles".
A group of college students, none of them too bright, walk into a bar and they seem to be celebrating something. All of them are repeating "32 days, 32 days" with much excitement.  The bartender, being curious, asks, "What's so special about 32 days?"   "Well," one of them said, "We just finished putting a puzzle together. It only took us 32 days and the box said 3-4 years!"
Father Murphy walked into a pub in Donegal, and said to the first man he meets, "Do you want to go to heaven?" The man said, "I do Father." The priest said, "Then leave this pub right now!" and approached a second man. "Do you want to got to heaven?" "Certainly, Father," was the man's reply. "Then leave this den of Satan," said the priest, as he walked up to O'Toole. "Do you want to go to heaven?" "No, I don't Father," O'Toole replied. The priest looked him right in the eye, and said, "You mean to tell me that when you die you don't want to go to heaven?" O'Toole smiled, "Oh, when I die, yes, Father. I thought you were getting a group together to go right now."
Father Murphy walked into a pub in Donegal, and said to the first man he meets, "Do you want to go to heaven?" The man said, "I do Father." The priest said, "Then leave this pub right now!" and approached a second man. "Do you want to got to heaven?" "Certainly, Father," was the man's reply. "Then leave this den of Satan," said the priest, as he walked up to O'Toole. "Do you want to go to heaven?" "No, I don't Father," O'Toole replied. The priest looked him right in the eye, and said, "You mean to tell me that when you die you don't want to go to heaven?" O'Toole smiled, "Oh, when I die, yes, Father. I thought you were getting a group together to go right now."
 Things to do @ Wal-Mart while the significant other is taking his/her sweet time:  1. Look right into the security camera, and use it as a mirror while you pick your nose. 2. Take up an entire aisle in Toys by setting up a full scale battlefield with G. I. Joe's vs. the X-Men. 3. Ask other customers if they have any Grey Poupon. 4. Switch the men's and women's signs on the doors of the restroom. 5. Dart around suspiciously while humming the theme from "Mission Impossible." 6. Set up a "Valet Parking" sign in front of the store. 7. Hide in the clothing racks and when people browse through, say things like "pick me! pick me!!" 8. If the store has a food court, buy a soft drink; explain that you don't get out much, and ask if they can put a little umbrella in it.
 Things to do @ Wal-Mart while the significant other is taking his/her sweet time:  1. Look right into the security camera, and use it as a mirror while you pick your nose. 2. Take up an entire aisle in Toys by setting up a full scale battlefield with G. I. Joe's vs. the X-Men. 3. Ask other customers if they have any Grey Poupon. 4. Switch the men's and women's signs on the doors of the restroom. 5. Dart around suspiciously while humming the theme from "Mission Impossible." 6. Set up a "Valet Parking" sign in front of the store. 7. Hide in the clothing racks and when people browse through, say things like "pick me! pick me!!" 8. If the store has a food court, buy a soft drink; explain that you don't get out much, and ask if they can put a little umbrella in it.
Things to do @ Wal-Mart while the significant other is taking his/her sweet time:  1. Get cans of cat food and randomly put them in people's carts when they don't realize it. 2. Set all the alarm clocks to go off at ten minute intervals throughout the day. 3. Make a trail of orange juice on the floor leading to the rest rooms. 4. Walk up to an employee and tell him in an official tone, "I think we've got a Code 3 in house wares," and see what happens. 5. Tune all the radios to a polka station; then turn them all off and turn the volumes to "10." 6. Challenge other customers to duels with tubes of gift wrap. 7. Put M&M's on layaway. 8. Move "Caution: Wet Floor" signs to carpeted areas. 9. Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath. 10. When someone asks if you need help, begin to cry and ask, "Why won't you people just leave me alone?"
A hound dog and a dalmation were sitting in an Internet cafe and the dalmation said to the hound, "Hey, check out my web site!" The hound asked for the address and the dalmation responded, "www.dalmation.dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot.
A hound dog and a dalmation were sitting in an Internet cafe and the dalmation said to the hound, "Hey, check out my web site!" The hound asked for the address and the dalmation responded, "www.dalmation.dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot.
One day in New York City, a banker was driving his new Jaguar down the streets. He parked it and opened the door to get out. Suddenly a taxi went by and ripped the door off. The driver reported this to a nearby police officer. The officer saw the whole thing and said "You bankers are so involved in your possessions. You didn't even notice that your arm was ripped off as well" The banker stared at where his arm used to be and said "OH NO! My new Rolex is gone too!"
A boy was teaching a girl arithmetic, he said it was his mission. He kissed her once; he kissed her twice and said, "Now that's addition." In silent satisfaction, she sweetly gave the kisses back and said, "Now that's subtraction." Then he kissed her, she kissed him, without an explanation. And both together smiled and said, "That's multiplication." Then her Dad appeared upon the scene and made a quick decision. He kicked that boy three blocks away and said, "That's long division!"
What is 2+2? To the mathematician it is 4.  To the philosopher "it depends how you define the concept of 2"  To the accountant "what would you like it to be."
A mother and daughter were out shopping at the mall. The mother saw an expensive fur coat and stated, "This year, I think I will buy my present instead of making you and dad shop for me and I think this fur coat would be perfect too."  The daughter protested, "But mom, some helpless, poor creature has to suffer so that you can have this."  "Don't worry honey," says the mother, "your father won't get the bill for a couple of weeks."
Q. What's the easiest way to drown an Antartican? A. Write scratch n' sniff on the bottom of the pool.
All the merry men and Maid Marion, gathered around Robin Hood's deathbed, waiting for the inevitable end. Manfully, heroically, Robin struggled up and said "Friar Tuck, bring me my long bow. I will fire an arrow out the window and wherever it lands, that is where you will bury me." Deeply moved, they placed a long bow in his trembling fingers, propped him up and faced him towards Sherwood Forest. And with an immense effort, Robin aimed and fired. And so it came to pass that they buried him on top of the wardrobe.
All the merry men and Maid Marion, gathered around Robin Hood's deathbed, waiting for the inevitable end. Manfully, heroically, Robin struggled up and said "Friar Tuck, bring me my long bow. I will fire an arrow out the window and wherever it lands, that is where you will bury me." Deeply moved, they placed a long bow in his trembling fingers, propped him up and faced him towards Sherwood Forest. And with an immense effort, Robin aimed and fired. And so it came to pass that they buried him on top of the wardrobe.
A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin, 5, Ryan, 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake. Their mother saw the opportunity for a moral lesson. "If Jesus were sitting here, He would say, 'Let my brother have the first pancake. I can wait.'"  Kevin turned to his younger brother and said, "Ryan, you be Jesus!"
A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin, 5, Ryan, 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake. Their mother saw the opportunity for a moral lesson. "If Jesus were sitting here, He would say, 'Let my brother have the first pancake. I can wait.'"  Kevin turned to his younger brother and said, "Ryan, you be Jesus!"
A mother and her young son returned home from the grocery store. The boy opened the box of animal crackers and spread them all over the table. "What are you doing?" his mother asked. "The box says you can't eat them is the seal is broken. I'm looking for the seal."
Q: What do you call a wiener dog at the beach?  A: A hot dog!
On the first day of school, the kindergarten teacher said, "If anyone has to go to the bathroom, hold up two fingers."  A little voice from the back of the classroom asked, "How will that help?"
A three year old put his shoes on by himself. His mother noticed the left foot was on the right foot. She said, "Son, your shoes are on the wrong feet." He looked up with a puzzled look and said, "Mom, stop joking. I know they're my feet!"
To tag birds migrating, the U.S. Department of the Interior used metal bands that bear the address of the Washington Biological Survey, abbreviated:  Wash. Biol. Surv.  Until the agency received the following letter from a camper:  Dear Sirs,  While camping last week I shot one of your birds. I think it was a crow. I followed the cooking instructions on the leg tag and I want to tell you it was horrible. 
A three year-old went with his dad to see a litter of kittens. When they returned home, he breathlessly informed his mother that there were two boy kittens and two girl kittens. "How did you know?" his mother asked. "Daddy picked them up and looked underneath," he replied. "I think it's printed on the bottom."
A game warden noticed how a particular fellow named Sam consistently caught more fish than anyone else. When the other guys would only catch three or four a day, Sam would come in off the lake with a boat full. The warden asked Sam his secret. The successful fisherman invited the game warden to accompany him and observe.  So, the next morning the two men met at the boat dock and took off in Sam's boat. When they got to the middle of the lake, Sam stopped the boat, and the warden sat back to see how it was done. Sam's approach was simple. He took out a stick of dynamite, lit it, and threw it in the air. The explosion rocked the lake with such a force that dead fish immediately began to surface. Sam took out a net and started scooping them up. Well, you can imagine the reaction of the game warden. When he recovered from the shock of it all, he began yelling at Sam, "You can't do this! I'll put you in jail, buddy! You will be paying every fine there is in the book!"  Meanwhile, Sam set his net down and took out another stick of dynamite. He lit it and tossed it in the lap of the warden with these words, "Are ya gonna sit there all day complaining, or are ya going to fish?" 
What does it mean when the doctor says you have six months to live? You have five months to pay!  How can you tell if you have a cheap doctor? He takes Friday off to play miniature golf.  When does a doctor suggest emergency surgery? When he's ready for a new sports car!  What advice don't you want to hear from a doctor before an operation? Whatever you do, don't go into the light. 
Q: What do you call a wiener dog at the beach?  A: A hot dog!
An application was for employment; a program was a TV show; a cursor used profanity; a keyboard was a piano. Memory was something you lost with age; a CD was a bank account; a hard drive was a long road trip.  A web was a spider's home, and a virus was the flu!
Q: What do you call an Inibrian who has been buried for 1000 years?  A: Peat!!!
Never say, "Give me a break" to a Black Belt in Karate.
A young man at this construction site was bragging that he could outdo anyone based on his strength. He especially made fun of one of the older workman. After several minutes, the older worker had enough.  "Why don't you put your money where you mouth is?" he said. "I'll bet a week's wages that I can haul something in a wheelbarrow over to the other building that you won't be able to wheel back."  "You're on, old man," the young man replied. "Let's see what you've got."  The old man reached out and grabbed the wheelbarrow by the handles. Then nodding to the young man, he said with a smile, "All right. Get in."
One day a man found an odd-looking lamp and rubbed it. From inside came a genie that told him he would get three wishes, but whatever he wishes for, his mother-in-law gets double of what he gets.  "What would you like for your first wish?" asked the genie.  "I want one billion dollars," replies the man.  "Remember," says the genie, "your mother-in-law gets double of what you get."  "I know," replied the man. The man then chooses his second wish, "I wish I had a brand new sports car." So he gets his second wish and he's very content.  "Your mother-in-law gets double what you get, now what would you like for your third wish?" asks the genie.  The man ponders for a moment, then answers, "I wish to be beaten half to death."
Three strings walk into a bar and sit down at a table. The first string walks up to the bartender and says, "Bartender, three beers please." The bartender looks at the string and says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here." Disappointed, the string walks back to his buddies and explains. The second string says "No problem, I'll go get our beers." The second string walks up to the bartender, "Bartender, three beers please." The bartender says, "Listen man, I told your buddy that we don't serve strings here." Empty handed, the second string walks back to his buddies. The third string says, "No problem. Tie me in a knot at one end and fray my ends at the other." He struts up to the bartender, "Bartender, three beers please." The bartender proceeds to get him the beer when he suspiciously turns to look at the string and says, "Excuse me, but are you a string?" The string replies, "I'm a frayed knot!" 
Three strings walk into a bar and sit down at a table. The first string walks up to the bartender and says, "Bartender, three beers please." The bartender looks at the string and says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here." Disappointed, the string walks back to his buddies and explains. The second string says "No problem, I'll go get our beers." The second string walks up to the bartender, "Bartender, three beers please." The bartender says, "Listen man, I told your buddy that we don't serve strings here." Empty handed, the second string walks back to his buddies. The third string says, "No problem. Tie me in a knot at one end and fray my ends at the other." He struts up to the bartender, "Bartender, three beers please." The bartender proceeds to get him the beer when he suspiciously turns to look at the string and says, "Excuse me, but are you a string?" The string replies, "I'm a frayed knot!" 
"How was your game, dear?" asked Jack's wife Tracy.  "Well, I was hitting pretty well, but my eyesight's gotten so bad I couldn't see where the ball went," he answered.  "But you're 75 years old, Jack!" admonished his wife, "Why don't you take my brother Scott along?"  "But he's 85 and doesn't play golf anymore," protested Jack.  "But he's got perfect eyesight. He would watch the ball for you," Tracy pointed out.  The next day Jack teed off with Scott looking on. Jack swung and the ball disappeared down the middle of the fairway. "Do you see it?" asked Jack.  "Yup," Scott answered.  "Well, where is it?" yelled Jack, peering off into the distance.  "I forgot."
The Antartian reported for her university final examination which consisted of "yes/no" type questions. She took her seat in the examination hall and stared at the question paper for five minutes.  In a fit of inspiration, she took her purse out, removed a coin and started tossing the coin and marking the answer sheet - Yes for Heads and No for Tails. Within half an hour she was all done, whereas the rest of the class was still sweating it out. During the last few minutes, she was seen desperately throwing the coin, muttering and sweating. The moderator, alarmed, approached her and asked what was going on. Her reply was, "I finished the exam in half and hour, but I'm rechecking my answers."
The Antartian reported for her university final examination which consisted of "yes/no" type questions. She took her seat in the examination hall and stared at the question paper for five minutes.  In a fit of inspiration, she took her purse out, removed a coin and started tossing the coin and marking the answer sheet - Yes for Heads and No for Tails. Within half an hour she was all done, whereas the rest of the class was still sweating it out. During the last few minutes, she was seen desperately throwing the coin, muttering and sweating. The moderator, alarmed, approached her and asked what was going on. Her reply was, "I finished the exam in half and hour, but I'm rechecking my answers."
This man enters the bakery with a loaf of bread, "I bought this bread here, and it tastes bad." "What!" exclaimed the baker. "I've been baking bread for 25 years!"  The man replies, "You should have sold it right away!"
Bob and his wife were walking into the parking lot when a friend, Larry, saw them. Larry asked, "Bob, why are you walking so far? Did your car break down?" Bob replied, "No, my wife read how you could burn off more calories by parking further away."  Larry asked, "How far away did you park?" Bob responded, "About 10 calories."
What did the mayo say when someone opened the refrigerator door?  "Close the door, I'm dressing!"
Signs you've had too much of the '90s Part II  21. Board members salaries are higher than all the Third World countries annual budgets combined. 22. It's dark when you drive to and from work, even in the summer. 23. You know exactly how many days you've got left until you retire. 24. Interviewees, despite not having the relevant knowledge or experience, terminate the interview when told of the starting salary. 25. You see a good looking, smart person and you know it must be a visitor. 26. Free food left over from meetings is your staple diet. 27. The work experience person gets a brand-new state-of-the-art laptop with all the features, while you have time to go for lunch while yours powers up. 28. Being sick is defined as you can't walk or you're in hospital. 29. You're already late on the assignment you just got. 30. There's no money in the budget for the five permanent staff your department is short of, but they can afford four full-time management consultants advising your boss's boss on strategy. 31. Your boss's favorite lines are: When you've got a few minutes...Could you fit this in...?...in your spare time...when you're freed up...I know you're busy but...I have an opportunity for you 32. Holiday is something you roll over to next year. 33. Every week another brown collection envelope comes round because someone you didn't know had started is leaving. 34. You wonder who's going to be left to put into your 'leaving' collection. 35. Your relatives and family describe your job as "works with computers." 36. The only reason you recognize your kids is because their pictures are on your desk. 37. You only have makeup for fluorescent lighting. 38. You read this entire list, kept nodding and smiling. 39. As you read this list, you think about forwarding it to your "mates you send jokes to" e-mail group. 40. It crosses your mind that your jokes group may have seen this list already, but you can't be bothered to check so you forward it anyway.
Signs you've had too much of the '90s Part II  21. Board members salaries are higher than all the Third World countries annual budgets combined. 22. It's dark when you drive to and from work, even in the summer. 23. You know exactly how many days you've got left until you retire. 24. Interviewees, despite not having the relevant knowledge or experience, terminate the interview when told of the starting salary. 25. You see a good looking, smart person and you know it must be a visitor. 26. Free food left over from meetings is your staple diet. 27. The work experience person gets a brand-new state-of-the-art laptop with all the features, while you have time to go for lunch while yours powers up. 28. Being sick is defined as you can't walk or you're in hospital. 29. You're already late on the assignment you just got. 30. There's no money in the budget for the five permanent staff your department is short of, but they can afford four full-time management consultants advising your boss's boss on strategy. 31. Your boss's favorite lines are: When you've got a few minutes...Could you fit this in...?...in your spare time...when you're freed up...I know you're busy but...I have an opportunity for you 32. Holiday is something you roll over to next year. 33. Every week another brown collection envelope comes round because someone you didn't know had started is leaving. 34. You wonder who's going to be left to put into your 'leaving' collection. 35. Your relatives and family describe your job as "works with computers." 36. The only reason you recognize your kids is because their pictures are on your desk. 37. You only have makeup for fluorescent lighting. 38. You read this entire list, kept nodding and smiling. 39. As you read this list, you think about forwarding it to your "mates you send jokes to" e-mail group. 40. It crosses your mind that your jokes group may have seen this list already, but you can't be bothered to check so you forward it anyway.
Signs you've had too much of the '90s Part I  1. You try to enter your password on the microwave. 2. You haven't played patience with real cards in years. 3. You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3. 4. You e-mail your work colleague at the desk next to you to ask, "Do you fancy going down the pub?" and they reply, "Yeah, give me five minutes". 5. You chat several times a day with a stranger from South America, but you haven't spoken to your next door neighbor yet this year. 6. You buy a computer and a week later it is out of date. 7. Your reason for not staying in touch with friends is that they do not have e-mail addresses. 8. You consider regular mail painfully slow or call it "snail mail". 9. Your idea of being organized is multiple colored post-it notes. 10. You hear most of your jokes via email instead of in person. 11. When you go home after a long day at work you still answer the phone in a business manner. 12. When you make phone calls from home, you accidentally insert a 0 to get an outside line. 13. You've sat at the same desk for four years and worked for three different companies. 14. Your company welcome sign is attached with Velcro. 15. Your CV is on a diskette in your pocket. 16. You really get excited about a 1.7% pay rise. 17. You learn about your redundancy on the 6 o'clock news. 18. Your biggest loss from a system crash is that you lose all your best jokes. 19. Your supervisor doesn't have the ability to do your job. 20. Contractors outnumber permanent staff and are more likely to get long-service awards.
This truck driver hauling a tractor-trailer load of computers stops for a beer. As he approaches the bar he sees a big sign on the door saying "Norks Not Allowed - Enter At Your Own Risk!" He goes in and sits down. The bartender comes over to him, sniffs and says, "You smell kind of norky. What do you do for a living?" The truck driver says, "I drive a truck, and the smell is just from the computers I am hauling." The bartender says, "Okay, truck drivers are not norks," and serves him a beer. As he is sipping his beer, a skinny guy walks in with tape around his glasses, a pocket protector with twelve kinds of pens and pencils, and a belt at least a foot too long. The bartender, without saying a word, pulls out a shotgun and blows the guy away. The truck driver said, totally shocked, "Why did you do that?" The bartender said, "Not to worry, the norks are overpopulating Silicon Valley and are in season now. You don't even need a license." The truck driver finishes his beer, gets back in his truck, and heads back onto the freeway. Suddenly he veers to avoid an accident, and the load shifts. The back door breaks open and computers spill out all over the freeway. He jumps out and sees a crowd already forming, grabbing up the computers. They are all engineers, accountants and programmers wearing the norkiest clothes he has ever seen. He can't let them steal his whole load. So, remembering what happened in the bar, he pulls out his gun and starts blasting away, felling several of them instantly. A highway patrol officer comes zooming up and jumps out of the car screaming at him to stop. The truck driver said, "What's wrong? I thought norks were in season." "Well, sure," said the patrolman. "But you can't bait 'em."
A priest is walking down the street one day when he notices a very small boy trying to press a doorbell on a house across the street.  However, the boy is very small and the doorbell is too high for him to reach.  After watching the boy's efforts for some time, the priest moves closer to the boy's position.  He steps smartly across the street, walks up behind the little fellow and, placing his hand kindly on the child's shoulder leans over and gives the doorbell a sold ring.  Crouching down to the child's level, the priest smiles benevolently and asks, "And now what, my little man?"  To which the boy replies, "Now we run!"
A priest is walking down the street one day when he notices a very small boy trying to press a doorbell on a house across the street.  However, the boy is very small and the doorbell is too high for him to reach.  After watching the boy's efforts for some time, the priest moves closer to the boy's position.  He steps smartly across the street, walks up behind the little fellow and, placing his hand kindly on the child's shoulder leans over and gives the doorbell a sold ring.  Crouching down to the child's level, the priest smiles benevolently and asks, "And now what, my little man?"  To which the boy replies, "Now we run!"
Three male dogs: a Pit Bull, a German Shepherd and a Chihuahua, sat at the end of a bar downing a few drinks when a beautiful lady Collie walked in and sat at the opposite end. She noticed that they were drooling over her and offered them a deal. "If any of you can use the words 'liver' and 'cheese' in a sentence that I like, I'll let you buy me a drink." The male dogs started punching each other, feeling quite sure of themselves. The Pit Bull blurts out, "I like liver and cheese." "No! How base!" snarls the lady Collie. Then the Shepherd speaks up, "Liver and cheese make good food." The Collie turns her head and says, "Ha! No good!" Finally, the little Chihuahua crawls up on the bar and speaks, "Liver alone, cheese mine!" He got to buy the lady the drink.
Signs you've had too much of the '90s Part I  1. You try to enter your password on the microwave. 2. You haven't played patience with real cards in years. 3. You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3. 4. You e-mail your work colleague at the desk next to you to ask, "Do you fancy going down the pub?" and they reply, "Yeah, give me five minutes". 5. You chat several times a day with a stranger from South America, but you haven't spoken to your next door neighbor yet this year. 6. You buy a computer and a week later it is out of date. 7. Your reason for not staying in touch with friends is that they do not have e-mail addresses. 8. You consider regular mail painfully slow or call it "snail mail". 9. Your idea of being organized is multiple colored post-it notes. 10. You hear most of your jokes via email instead of in person. 11. When you go home after a long day at work you still answer the phone in a business manner. 12. When you make phone calls from home, you accidentally insert a 0 to get an outside line. 13. You've sat at the same desk for four years and worked for three different companies. 14. Your company welcome sign is attached with Velcro. 15. Your CV is on a diskette in your pocket. 16. You really get excited about a 1.7% pay rise. 17. You learn about your redundancy on the 6 o'clock news. 18. Your biggest loss from a system crash is that you lose all your best jokes. 19. Your supervisor doesn't have the ability to do your job. 20. Contractors outnumber permanent staff and are more likely to get long-service awards.
A woman was in a gambling casino for the first time. At the roulette table she says, "I have no idea what number to play." A young, good-looking man nearby suggests she play her age. Smiling at the man, she puts her money on number 25. The wheel is spun, and 30 comes up. The smile drifted from the woman's face and she fainted.
A woman was in a gambling casino for the first time. At the roulette table she says, "I have no idea what number to play." A young, good-looking man nearby suggests she play her age. Smiling at the man, she puts her money on number 25. The wheel is spun, and 30 comes up. The smile drifted from the woman's face and she fainted.
This truck driver hauling a tractor-trailer load of computers stops for a beer. As he approaches the bar he sees a big sign on the door saying "Norks Not Allowed - Enter At Your Own Risk!" He goes in and sits down. The bartender comes over to him, sniffs and says, "You smell kind of norky. What do you do for a living?" The truck driver says, "I drive a truck, and the smell is just from the computers I am hauling." The bartender says, "Okay, truck drivers are not norks," and serves him a beer. As he is sipping his beer, a skinny guy walks in with tape around his glasses, a pocket protector with twelve kinds of pens and pencils, and a belt at least a foot too long. The bartender, without saying a word, pulls out a shotgun and blows the guy away. The truck driver said, totally shocked, "Why did you do that?" The bartender said, "Not to worry, the norks are overpopulating Silicon Valley and are in season now. You don't even need a license." The truck driver finishes his beer, gets back in his truck, and heads back onto the freeway. Suddenly he veers to avoid an accident, and the load shifts. The back door breaks open and computers spill out all over the freeway. He jumps out and sees a crowd already forming, grabbing up the computers. They are all engineers, accountants and programmers wearing the norkiest clothes he has ever seen. He can't let them steal his whole load. So, remembering what happened in the bar, he pulls out his gun and starts blasting away, felling several of them instantly. A highway patrol officer comes zooming up and jumps out of the car screaming at him to stop. The truck driver said, "What's wrong? I thought norks were in season." "Well, sure," said the patrolman. "But you can't bait 'em."
The science graduate asks, "Why does it work?" The engineering graduate asks, "How does it work?" The accounting graduate asks, "How much does it cost?" The liberal arts graduate asks, "Would you like fries with that?" 
The science graduate asks, "Why does it work?" The engineering graduate asks, "How does it work?" The accounting graduate asks, "How much does it cost?" The liberal arts graduate asks, "Would you like fries with that?" 
A man went up to the barman and ordered a drink. With his drink, the barman gave him a bowl of peanuts, and from the bowl of peanuts the man heard a voice say, "I think you look great." But the man just ignored it.  Then the man went over to the cigarette machine, put his money in and got nothing out. He heard a voice from the machine say, "I have never seen such an ugly face."  At this point, the man was confused, so he told the barman about the voices, and the barman said, "The bowl of peanuts was complimentary, but the cigarette machine is just out of order."
Q: How do you make a bandstand?  A: Pull their chairs away!
Smith goes to see his supervisor in the front office. "Boss," he says, "we're doing some heavy house-cleaning at home tomorrow, and my wife needs me to help with the attic and the garage, moving and hauling stuff." "We're short-handed, Smith," the boss replies. "I can't give you the day off." "Thanks, boss," says Smith, "I knew I could count on you!"
Smith goes to see his supervisor in the front office. "Boss," he says, "we're doing some heavy house-cleaning at home tomorrow, and my wife needs me to help with the attic and the garage, moving and hauling stuff." "We're short-handed, Smith," the boss replies. "I can't give you the day off." "Thanks, boss," says Smith, "I knew I could count on you!"
A businessman, on his deathbed, called his friend and said, "Bill, I want you to promise me that when I die, you will have my remains cremated."  "And what," his friend asked, "do you want me to do with your ashes?"  The businessman said, "Just put them in an envelope and mail them to the Internal Revenue Service. Write on the envelope, 'Now, you have everything.'"
This man was talking to himself. "I wish I could meet some really important people before I die...."  A man walked up to him and said, "Hi, my name is Mike and I overheard you. I can help you because I know everybody on the planet who is alive today."  "No way, you must be pulling my leg. Let's go to Jane Hull so you can prove it to me," said the man.  So they go to Jane Hull's office, and when she notices Mike, they start to talk about how they were in kindergarten together.  "Okay, it could have been a coincidence that you were in kindergarten together. Let's go talk to the president!" said the man. So they took a jet to the White House where the President was having a press conference. When the President saw Mike, they started to talk about how they were in band together.  "Okay for your last test, let's go to the Pope!" said the man. So they took a jet to Rome and when they got there they went to a church were the Pope was giving a sermon. After the sermon, Mike walked up to the Pope and they shook hands and started to talk.  When Mike walked back over to the man, the man said, "You know, I had a hard time believing you even after the Pope until a guy came up to me and said, "Hey who is that standing next to Mike?!" 
A young Antartian, on vacation in Louisiana, wanted a pair of alligator shoes but was reluctant to pay high New Orleans prices. "I'll just catch my own alligator," she told one shopkeeper," so I can get a pair of shoes for free." She stomped out of the store and headed for the swamp. Later, as the shopkeeper drove home, he spotted the Antartian standing waist-deep in a bayou, shotgun in hand, with a huge alligator closing in. She took aim and shot the creature between the eyes. The shopkeeper watched in amazement as she struggled to haul the carcass onto an embankment where several other dead alligators were lined up. "Oh, no!" the Antartian shouted in dismay. "This one isn't wearing any shoes either!"
A young Antartian, on vacation in Louisiana, wanted a pair of alligator shoes but was reluctant to pay high New Orleans prices. "I'll just catch my own alligator," she told one shopkeeper," so I can get a pair of shoes for free." She stomped out of the store and headed for the swamp. Later, as the shopkeeper drove home, he spotted the Antartian standing waist-deep in a bayou, shotgun in hand, with a huge alligator closing in. She took aim and shot the creature between the eyes. The shopkeeper watched in amazement as she struggled to haul the carcass onto an embankment where several other dead alligators were lined up. "Oh, no!" the Antartian shouted in dismay. "This one isn't wearing any shoes either!"
Three men: one American, one Russian and one Antartian where discussing which country had the best space program. The Russian said, "Well that's easy, guys. It was us as we launched the first man into space and no one can beat that." The American disagreed and stated, "No, mate, the Americans have the best space program, as we walked on the moon first. No one can possibly beat that." But the Antartian spoke up, "No guys, you're both wrong. The Antartians are going to have the best space program as we are going to put the first man on the sun!" Both the American and Russian where in fits of laughter after hearing this and asked how this was possible without burning up? The Antartian simply replied, "Well, we have this fool proof plan; we're going during the night!"
If you've got melted chocolate all over your hands, you're eating it too slowly. Chocolate covered raisins, cherries, orange slices and strawberries all count as fruit, so eat as many as you want. The problem: How to get 2 pounds of chocolate home from the store in hot car. The solution: Eat it in the parking lot. Diet Tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal. It'll take the edge off your appetite and you'll eat less. A nice box of chocolates can provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy? If you can't eat all your chocolate, it will keep in the freezer. BUT IF YOU CAN'T EAT ALL YOUR CHOCOLATE, WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU????? If calories are an issue, store your chocolate on top of the fridge. Calories are afraid of heights and they will jump out of the chocolate to protect themselves. If I eat equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is that a balanced diet? Don't they actually counteract each other? Money talks. Chocolate sings. Chocolates have many preservatives. Preservatives make you look younger. Q. Why is there no such organization as Chocolate-Alcoholics Anonymous? A. Because no one wants to quit. If not for chocolate, there would be no need for control top pantyhose. An entire garment industry would be devastated. Put "eat chocolate" at the top of your list of things to do today. That way, at least you'll get one thing done.
A woman is dancing happily down the railroad tracks, singing to herself "...21 ...21 ...21..."  After a little while, an Antartian walks up to her. She observes for a minute and then asks, "What are you doing?"  The woman does not answer and keeps singing "...21 ...21 ...21 ..." So the Antartian jumps on the tracks and follows her dancing and starts singing "...21 ...21 ...21 ..." A little later a train comes down the tracks. The woman jumps off, but the Antartian keeps dancing and singing to her self and gets hit by the train.  The woman gets back on the track and starts dancing and singing again, "...22 ...22 ...22 ..." 
A woman is dancing happily down the railroad tracks, singing to herself "...21 ...21 ...21..."  After a little while, an Antartian walks up to her. She observes for a minute and then asks, "What are you doing?"  The woman does not answer and keeps singing "...21 ...21 ...21 ..." So the Antartian jumps on the tracks and follows her dancing and starts singing "...21 ...21 ...21 ..." A little later a train comes down the tracks. The woman jumps off, but the Antartian keeps dancing and singing to her self and gets hit by the train.  The woman gets back on the track and starts dancing and singing again, "...22 ...22 ...22 ..." 
There is a new virus going around, called "work." If you receive any sort of "work" at all, whether via email, Internet or simply handed to you by a colleague ... DO NOT OPEN IT. This has been circulating around our building for months and those who have been tempted to open "work" or even look at "work" have found that their social life is deleted and their brain ceases to function properly. If you do encounter "work" via email or are faced with any "work" at all, then to purge the virus, send an email to your boss with the words "I've had enough... I'm off to the pub." The "work" should automatically be forgotten by your brain. If you receive "work" in paper-document form, simply lift the document and drag the "work" to your garbage can. Put on your hat and coat and skip to the nearest bar with two friends and order three pints of beer (or rum punch). After repeating this action 14 times, you will find that "work" will no longer be of any relevance to you and that "Scooby Doo" was the greatest cartoon ever. Send this message to everyone in your address book. If you do NOT have anyone in your address book, then I'm afraid the "work" virus has already corrupted your life.
There is a new virus going around, called "work." If you receive any sort of "work" at all, whether via email, Internet or simply handed to you by a colleague ... DO NOT OPEN IT. This has been circulating around our building for months and those who have been tempted to open "work" or even look at "work" have found that their social life is deleted and their brain ceases to function properly. If you do encounter "work" via email or are faced with any "work" at all, then to purge the virus, send an email to your boss with the words "I've had enough... I'm off to the pub." The "work" should automatically be forgotten by your brain. If you receive "work" in paper-document form, simply lift the document and drag the "work" to your garbage can. Put on your hat and coat and skip to the nearest bar with two friends and order three pints of beer (or rum punch). After repeating this action 14 times, you will find that "work" will no longer be of any relevance to you and that "Scooby Doo" was the greatest cartoon ever. Send this message to everyone in your address book. If you do NOT have anyone in your address book, then I'm afraid the "work" virus has already corrupted your life.
If you've got melted chocolate all over your hands, you're eating it too slowly. Chocolate covered raisins, cherries, orange slices and strawberries all count as fruit, so eat as many as you want. The problem: How to get 2 pounds of chocolate home from the store in hot car. The solution: Eat it in the parking lot. Diet Tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal. It'll take the edge off your appetite and you'll eat less. A nice box of chocolates can provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy? If you can't eat all your chocolate, it will keep in the freezer. BUT IF YOU CAN'T EAT ALL YOUR CHOCOLATE, WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU????? If calories are an issue, store your chocolate on top of the fridge. Calories are afraid of heights and they will jump out of the chocolate to protect themselves. If I eat equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is that a balanced diet? Don't they actually counteract each other? Money talks. Chocolate sings. Chocolates have many preservatives. Preservatives make you look younger. Q. Why is there no such organization as Chocolate-Alcoholics Anonymous? A. Because no one wants to quit. If not for chocolate, there would be no need for control top pantyhose. An entire garment industry would be devastated. Put "eat chocolate" at the top of your list of things to do today. That way, at least you'll get one thing done.
Veteran Pillsbury spokesman, Pop-N-Fresh, died yesterday of a severe yeast infection. He was 71. Known to friends as Brown-n-serve. Fresh was an avid gardener and tennis player.  Fresh was buried in one of the largest funeral ceremonies in recent years. Dozens of celebrities turned out including Mrs. Butterworth, the California Raisins, Hungry Jack, Aunt Jemima, Betty Crocker, the Hostess Twinkies, and Skippy.  The graveside was piled high with flours as longtime friend Aunt Jemima delivered the eulogy, describing Fresh as a man who "never knew how much he was kneaded."  Fresh rose quickly in show business, but his later life was filled with many turnovers. He was not considered a very smart cookie, wasting much of his dough on half-baked schemes - conned by those who buttered him up. Still, even as crusty old man, he was a roll model for millions.  Fresh is survived by his second wife. They have two children and another bun in the oven.  The funeral was held at 3:50 for about 20 minutes. 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
What do you call a guy in a pile of leaves? Russell!!! (The Name) 
One rainy day at work, one of my colleagues, Thomas, came across from the other side of the building to ours. Just to start a conversation, another colleague, Peggy, asked, "Is it raining heavily outside?" Without any expression, Thomas said, "Sorry, I did not carry a weighing machine." 
Q: Why couldn't the animals on Noah's Ark play cards? A: Because Noah was standing on the deck!
Little Johnny returns from school and says he got an "F" in arithmetic. "Why?" asks the father. "The teacher asked 'How much is 2x3?' I said '6.'"  "But that's right!" The father replied. "Then she asked me 'How much is 3x2?'" "What the heck's the stupid difference?" asked the father. "That's what I said!" 
Little Johnny returns from school and says he got an "F" in arithmetic. "Why?" asks the father. "The teacher asked 'How much is 2x3?' I said '6.'"  "But that's right!" The father replied. "Then she asked me 'How much is 3x2?'" "What the heck's the stupid difference?" asked the father. "That's what I said!" 
A new teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses. She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks you're stupid, stand up!"  After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.  The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?"  "No, ma'am, but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself!"
A new teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses. She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks you're stupid, stand up!"  After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.  The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?"  "No, ma'am, but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself!"
An Antartian died and went to heaven. When he got to the pearly gate Saint Peter told him that new rules were in effect due to the advances in education on earth. In order to gain admittance a prospective heavenly soul must answer three questions: 1. Name two days of the week that begin with "T".  2. How many seconds are in a year?  3. What is God's first name?  The Antartian thought for a few minutes and answered...   1. The two days of the week that begin with "T" are Today and Tomorrow.  2. There are 12 seconds in a year.  3. God has two first names, and they are Andy and Howard."   Saint Peter said, "OK, I'll buy the Today and Tomorrow, even though it's not the answer I expected, so your answer is correct. But how did you get 12 seconds in a year, and why did you ever think that God's first name was either Andy or Howard?"  The Antartian replied, "Well, January 2nd, February 2nd,March 2nd, etc...."  "OK, I give," said Saint Peter, "but what about the God's first name stuff?" The Antartian said, "Well, from the song....Andy walks with me, Andy talks with me, Andy tells me I am his own..., and the prayer...Our Father, who art in heaven, Howard be thy name...." Saint Peter let him in without another word. 
An Antartian died and went to heaven. When he got to the pearly gate Saint Peter told him that new rules were in effect due to the advances in education on earth. In order to gain admittance a prospective heavenly soul must answer three questions: 1. Name two days of the week that begin with "T".  2. How many seconds are in a year?  3. What is God's first name?  The Antartian thought for a few minutes and answered...   1. The two days of the week that begin with "T" are Today and Tomorrow.  2. There are 12 seconds in a year.  3. God has two first names, and they are Andy and Howard."   Saint Peter said, "OK, I'll buy the Today and Tomorrow, even though it's not the answer I expected, so your answer is correct. But how did you get 12 seconds in a year, and why did you ever think that God's first name was either Andy or Howard?"  The Antartian replied, "Well, January 2nd, February 2nd,March 2nd, etc...."  "OK, I give," said Saint Peter, "but what about the God's first name stuff?" The Antartian said, "Well, from the song....Andy walks with me, Andy talks with me, Andy tells me I am his own..., and the prayer...Our Father, who art in heaven, Howard be thy name...." Saint Peter let him in without another word. 
Dear Dad,  $chool i$ really great. I am making lot$ of friend$ and $tudying very hard. With all my $tuff, I $imply can`t think of anything I need. $o if you would like, you can ju$t $end me a card, a$ I would love to hear from you.  Love, Your $on  The Reply:  Dear Son,  I kNOw that astroNOmy, ecoNOmics, and oceaNOgraphy are eNOugh to keep even an hoNOr student busy. Do NOt forget that the pursuit of kNOwledge is a NOble task, and you can never study eNOugh.  Love, Dad
Farmer Joe was in his car when he was hit by a truck. He decided his injuries from the accident were serious enough to take the trucking company (responsible for the accident) to court. In court the trucking company's fancy lawyer was questioning farmer Joe. "Didn't you say, at the scene of the accident, 'I'm fine'?" said the lawyer. Farmer Joe responded, "Well I'll tell you what happened. I had just loaded my favorite mule Bessie into the...." "I didn't ask for any details," the lawyer interrupted, "just answer the question." "Did you not say, at the scene of the accident, 'I'm fine'!" Farmer Joe said, "Well I had just got Bessie into the trailer and I was driving down the road...." The lawyer interrupted again and said, "Judge, I am trying to establish the fact that, at the scene of the accident, this man told the Highway Patrolman on the scene that he was just fine. Now several weeks after the accident he is trying to sue my client. I believe he is a fraud. Please tell him to simply answer the question." By this time the Judge was fairly interested in Farmer Joe's answer and said to the lawyer, "I'd like to hear what he has to say about his favorite mule Bessie." Joe thanked the Judge and proceeded, "Well as I was saying, I had just loaded Bessie, my favorite mule, into the trailer and was driving her down the highway when this huge semi-truck and trailer ran the stop sign and smacked my truck right in the side. I was thrown into one ditch and Bessie was thrown into the other. I was hurting real bad and didn't want to move. However, I could hear ole Bessie moaning and groaning. I knew she was in terrible shape just by her groans. Shortly after the accident a Highway Patrolman came on the scene. He could hear Bessie moaning and groaning so he went over to her. After he looked at her, he took out his gun and shot her between the eyes. Then the Patrolman came across the road with his gun in his hand and looked at me. He said, "Your mule was in such bad shape I had to shoot her. How are you feeling?"
A group of kindergarten children were on a class outing to their local police station where they saw  pictures, tacked to a bulletin board, of the 10 most wanted men. One of the youngsters pointed to a picture and asked if it really was the photo of a wanted person. "Yes," answered the policeman. "Well," wondered the child, "why didn't you keep him when you took his picture?"
A group of kindergarten children were on a class outing to their local police station where they saw  pictures, tacked to a bulletin board, of the 10 most wanted men. One of the youngsters pointed to a picture and asked if it really was the photo of a wanted person. "Yes," answered the policeman. "Well," wondered the child, "why didn't you keep him when you took his picture?"
A little old lady came home from shopping and found a robber in her kitchen. Scared and not knowing what to do, she raised her hand and quoted the Scripture "Acts 2:38." The robber froze in his tracks, so she called the police. When the policeman came, he saw this robber standing perfectly still and wondered what the lady had done. He asked her, and she replied, "I just quoted some Scripture." The policeman turned to the robber and said, "Why did that Scripture make you act this way?" The robber replied, "Scripture, what Scripture? I thought she said she had an axe and two 38s."
An Antartian woman came into a bar and asked the bartender for a drink. Then she started to yell, "Yeah!" "Yeah!" Then five more Antartians came in and started to do the same thing. Then three more Antartians came in and one of them had a Barney puzzle. The bartender asked one of them, "Why are you yelling 'yeah yeah!'?" Then one responded, "We did this puzzle in three hours and it says 2-3 years."
My brother told me I needed to study more on my gardening. I had a rock garden this year, and one of the rocks died!
Tonight on the 6:00 news, a recent poll by "USA Today" showed that 9 out of 10 people said that out of 10 people, 1 person will always disagree with the other 9!
A man was walking along a California beach and stumbled across an old lamp. He picked it up and rubbed it and out popped a genie. The genie said, "OK. You released me from the lamp, blah blah blah. This is the fourth time this month and I'm getting a little sick of these wishes so you can forget about three. You only get one wish!" The man sat and thought  about it for a while and said, "I've always wanted to go to Hawaii but I'm scared  to fly and I get very seasick. Could you build me a bridge to Hawaii so I can drive  over there to visit?" The genie laughed and said, "That's impossible. Think of the logistics of that! How would the supports ever reach the bottom of the Pacific? Think of how much concrete...how much steel!! No, think of another wish." The man said OK and tried to think of a really good wish. Finally, he said, "I've been married and divorced four times. My wives always said that I don't care and that I'm insensitive. So, I wish that I could understand women....know how they feel inside and what they're thinking when they give me the silent treatment....know why they're crying, know what  they really want when they say 'nothing'....know how to make them truly happy...." The genie asked, "Do you want that bridge two lanes or four?"
A man was walking along a California beach and stumbled across an old lamp. He picked it up and rubbed it and out popped a genie. The genie said, "OK. You released me from the lamp, blah blah blah. This is the fourth time this month and I'm getting a little sick of these wishes so you can forget about three. You only get one wish!" The man sat and thought  about it for a while and said, "I've always wanted to go to Hawaii but I'm scared  to fly and I get very seasick. Could you build me a bridge to Hawaii so I can drive  over there to visit?" The genie laughed and said, "That's impossible. Think of the logistics of that! How would the supports ever reach the bottom of the Pacific? Think of how much concrete...how much steel!! No, think of another wish." The man said OK and tried to think of a really good wish. Finally, he said, "I've been married and divorced four times. My wives always said that I don't care and that I'm insensitive. So, I wish that I could understand women....know how they feel inside and what they're thinking when they give me the silent treatment....know why they're crying, know what  they really want when they say 'nothing'....know how to make them truly happy...." The genie asked, "Do you want that bridge two lanes or four?"
A mother was anxiously awaiting her daughter's plane. She had just come back from a far away land trying to find adventure. As the daughter was exiting the plane, the mother noticed a man directly behind her daughter dressed in feathers with exotic markings all over his body and carrying a shrunken head. The daughter introduced this man as her new husband. The mother gasped in disbelief and disappointment and screamed, "I said for you to marry a Rich Doctor! A RICH Doctor!"
A mother was anxiously awaiting her daughter's plane. She had just come back from a far away land trying to find adventure. As the daughter was exiting the plane, the mother noticed a man directly behind her daughter dressed in feathers with exotic markings all over his body and carrying a shrunken head. The daughter introduced this man as her new husband. The mother gasped in disbelief and disappointment and screamed, "I said for you to marry a Rich Doctor! A RICH Doctor!"
The National Football League recently announced a new era. From now on, no offensive team names will be permitted. While the owners of the team rush to change uniforms and such, the National Football League announced, yesterday, its name changes and schedules for the '99 season: The Washington Native Americans will host the New York Very Tall People on opening day. Other key games include the Dallas Western-Style Laborers hosting the St. Louis Wild Endangered Species, and the Minnesota Plundering Norsemen taking on the Green Bay Meat Industry Workers. In Week 2, there are several key matchups, highlighted by the showdown between the San Francisco Precious Metal Enthusiasts and the New Orleans Pretty Good People. The Atlanta Birds of Prey will play host to the Philadelphia Birds of Prey. The Monday night game will pit the Miami Pelagic Percoid Food Fishes against the Denver Untamed Beasts of Burden. The Cincinnati Large Bangladeshi Carnivorous Mammals will travel to Tampa Bay for a clash with the West Indies Free Booters later in Week 9. And the Detroit Large Carnivorous Cats will play the Chicago Large Mountain Mammals. Week 9 also features the Indianapolis Young Male Horses at the New England Zealous Lovers of Country.
The National Football League recently announced a new era. From now on, no offensive team names will be permitted. While the owners of the team rush to change uniforms and such, the National Football League announced, yesterday, its name changes and schedules for the '99 season: The Washington Native Americans will host the New York Very Tall People on opening day. Other key games include the Dallas Western-Style Laborers hosting the St. Louis Wild Endangered Species, and the Minnesota Plundering Norsemen taking on the Green Bay Meat Industry Workers. In Week 2, there are several key matchups, highlighted by the showdown between the San Francisco Precious Metal Enthusiasts and the New Orleans Pretty Good People. The Atlanta Birds of Prey will play host to the Philadelphia Birds of Prey. The Monday night game will pit the Miami Pelagic Percoid Food Fishes against the Denver Untamed Beasts of Burden. The Cincinnati Large Bangladeshi Carnivorous Mammals will travel to Tampa Bay for a clash with the West Indies Free Booters later in Week 9. And the Detroit Large Carnivorous Cats will play the Chicago Large Mountain Mammals. Week 9 also features the Indianapolis Young Male Horses at the New England Zealous Lovers of Country.
A woman decided to have her portrait painted. She told the artist, "Paint me with diamond rings, a diamond necklace, emerald bracelets, a ruby broach, and gold Rolex." "But you are not wearing any of those things," he replied. "I know," she said. "It's in case I should die before my husband. I'm sure he will remarry right away, and I want his new wife to go crazy looking for the jewelry."
A woman decided to have her portrait painted. She told the artist, "Paint me with diamond rings, a diamond necklace, emerald bracelets, a ruby broach, and gold Rolex." "But you are not wearing any of those things," he replied. "I know," she said. "It's in case I should die before my husband. I'm sure he will remarry right away, and I want his new wife to go crazy looking for the jewelry."
A rich millionaire throws a massive party for his 50th birthday. During this party, he grabs the microphone and announces to his guests that down in the garden of his mansion he has a swimming pool with two great white sharks in it. "I will give anything of mine to the man who swims across that pool." So the party continues with no events in the pool until SUDDENLY, there is a great splash and all the guests of the party run to the pool to see what has happened. In the pool a man is swimming as hard as he can and fins come out of the water and jaws are snapping and this guy just keeps on going. The sharks are gaining on him and this guy reaches the end and gets out of the pool, tired and soaked. The millionaire grabs the microphone and says, "I am a man of my word. Anything of mine I will give: my Ferraris, my house, absolutely anything, for you are the bravest man I have ever seen. So sir what will it be?" The guy grabs the microphone and says,  "Why don't we start with the name of the jerk who pushed me in!"
Four southern ladies were sitting around having Bloody Marys and talking about how much their husbands loved them. The first one says, "My husband loves me so much that he bought me a diamond ring." But, of course, she was in such a hurry she forgot her rings, but all the women still said, "Oh, how nice." The second woman says, "Well, my husband loves me so much he got me a fur coat." But it was the middle of July and too hot to wear a coat, but still all the ladies said, "Oh, how nice." So then the third woman says, "Well, my husband loves me so much he bought me a Mercedes-Benz." And, of course, she was being chauffeured in the family Buick." So they all looked at the fourth woman and said, "Well, honey, how much does your husband love you?" She replied, "He loves me so much that he bought me lesson to a charm school so I could learn to say 'Oh, how nice' instead of sarcastically saying 'Oh, ya, right' after everything you ladies say."
One man said to the other, "You know, there are really only three kinds of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
Two priests recently passed away and were on their way to heaven. When they got to the pearly gates, St.Peter said, "I'm sorry but our computer is down and you can't come in for a week. So I am going to give you both one "free" week back on earth to do anything you want to do and nothing will be held against you." "You mean we can do what ever we want, and still get into heaven?" "Yes," said St. Peter. "Okay," said the first priest, "I want to soar over the mountains like an eagle." "That's easy enough," said St. Peter. "Off you go!" The second priest asked, "Are you sure that whatever I do will not hinder my chances of getting into heaven?" "That's right," said St. Peter. "Okay," said the second priest, "I want to go back as a stud." "A stud?" asked St. Peter. "Yes," said the second priest. "Okay, I'll see you in a week." Finally, the week ended and the computer was repaired. God asked to St. Peter, "Did you get the two priests back so they can join us here?" "Well," said St. Peter. "I got the first priest back; he was soaring over the Rocky Mountains like an eagle. I'm having a bit of a problem locating the second priest; he's somewhere in North Dakota on a snow tire."
Two priests recently passed away and were on their way to heaven. When they got to the pearly gates, St.Peter said, "I'm sorry but our computer is down and you can't come in for a week. So I am going to give you both one "free" week back on earth to do anything you want to do and nothing will be held against you." "You mean we can do what ever we want, and still get into heaven?" "Yes," said St. Peter. "Okay," said the first priest, "I want to soar over the mountains like an eagle." "That's easy enough," said St. Peter. "Off you go!" The second priest asked, "Are you sure that whatever I do will not hinder my chances of getting into heaven?" "That's right," said St. Peter. "Okay," said the second priest, "I want to go back as a stud." "A stud?" asked St. Peter. "Yes," said the second priest. "Okay, I'll see you in a week." Finally, the week ended and the computer was repaired. God asked to St. Peter, "Did you get the two priests back so they can join us here?" "Well," said St. Peter. "I got the first priest back; he was soaring over the Rocky Mountains like an eagle. I'm having a bit of a problem locating the second priest; he's somewhere in North Dakota on a snow tire."
A guy goes over to his friend and says, "You wanna see a picture of my aunt?" His friend says, "Sure." The guy pulls a picture out of his wallet and shows it to him. His friend says, "But that's a picture of a fish!" The guy replies, "That's my anchovy."
A guy goes over to his friend and says, "You wanna see a picture of my aunt?" His friend says, "Sure." The guy pulls a picture out of his wallet and shows it to him. His friend says, "But that's a picture of a fish!" The guy replies, "That's my anchovy."
The elderly couple stood before the family court judge after a lengthy divorce trial. The judge addressed the woman who was seventy-five years old, "So, Mrs. C., after 50 years of marriage, love tears, babies, grandbabies, birthdays, sicknesses and joys, why now do you want to divorce Mr. C.?"  Mrs.C. looked at her husband and then at the judge and replied to the judge, "ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!"
Joe, a notoriously bad golfer, hits his ball off the first tee and watches as it slices to the right and disappears through an open window. Figuring that's the end of it, he gets another ball out of his bag and plays on. On the eighth hole, a police officer walks up to Joe on the course and says, "Did you hit a golf ball through a window back there?" Joe says, "Yes I did." "Well," says the police officer, "it knocked a lamp over, scaring the dog, which raced out of the house onto the highway. A driver rammed into a brick wall to avoid the dog, sending three people to hospital. And it's all because you sliced the ball." "Oh my goodness," says Joe, "is there anything I can do?" "Yes there is," the cop says. "Try keeping your head down and close up your stance a bit."
One day a man went to a pet store and bought a hundred-legged worm. The sales person told him about this worm. It was not a normal worm. This worm could do anything as a maid. When they were home, the man asked the worm to turn on the T.V. So the worm turned it on. Then he asked him to prepare him some coffee. So the worm did it. The man told him to go buy the newspaper. So the worm went out of the house to buy the newspaper. An hour passed and still the worm didn't come. Another hour passed and the worm had still not come back. So finally the man stood up and opened the front door. "So, there you are," the man said looking at the worm, "have you bought the newspaper?" "Sorry, sir," answered the worm, "I haven't finished putting on my shoes."
Q: What did the boy ghost say to the girl ghost after he saw her all dressed up for Halloween? A: You look boo-tiful!
Q: What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? A: Bamboo.  Q: What's a haunted chicken? A: Poultry-geist.  Q: Why did the monster eat a light bulb? A: Because he was in need of a light snack.  Q: Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?- A: Have you ever tried to iron a monster?  Q: What kind of mistakes do ghosts make? A: Boo boos.  Q: Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? A: Because of his coffin.  Q: Why do mummies make excellent spies? A: They're good at keeping things under wraps.
Q: What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? A: Bamboo.  Q: What's a haunted chicken? A: Poultry-geist.  Q: Why did the monster eat a light bulb? A: Because he was in need of a light snack.  Q: Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?- A: Have you ever tried to iron a monster?  Q: What kind of mistakes do ghosts make? A: Boo boos.  Q: Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? A: Because of his coffin.  Q: Why do mummies make excellent spies? A: They're good at keeping things under wraps.
It's time for all bad spellers to untie. I yell because i care. Is it true that cannibals won't eat a clown because they're afraid they will Taste funny? Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. Pets welcome: children must be on leash. He who laughs last, has the best lawyer. Actually i am a rocket scientist. I've been dieting for 31 days and all i lost was 31 days. Warning: i have an attitude and i know how to use it. Take me drunk i'm home again Don't do what i say do what i mean At the feast of ego, everyone leaves hungry. I'm looking for the upper taker not the undertaker. General custer wore arrow shirts. The word verb is actually a noun. It's not whether you win or lose, what counts is if i win or lose
A duck walked into a bakery one day and asked for a pork chop. The baker said, "We aren't a butcher; we don't sell meat here." So the duck left. The following day the duck went back and asked again. This time the Baker said, "No, if you come here again I will nail your feet to the floor." The following day the duck returned and asked, "Have you any nails?" The baker replied, "No." And the duck said, "Well, I'll have two pork chops then."
Q: What did the guy say when he walked into the bar? A: Ouch.
Bumper sticker seen on a little gray truck in Arkansas: This daughter protected by Double 0 Buckshot!!!
A fellow bought a new Mercedes and was out on the interstate for a nice evening drive. The top was down, the breeze was blowing through what was left of his hair and he decided to open her up. As the needle jumped up to 80 mph, he suddenly saw flashing red and blue lights behind him. "There's no way they can catch a Mercedes," he thought to himself and opened her up further. The needle hit 90, 100.... Then the reality of the situation hit him. "What am I doing?" he thought and pulled over. The cop came up to him, took his license without a word and examined it and the car. "It's been a long day, this is the end of my shift and it's Friday the 13th. I don't feel like more paperwork, so if you can give me an excuse for your driving that I haven't heard before, you can go." The guy thinks for a second and says, "Last week my wife ran off with a cop. I was afraid you were trying to give her back!" "Have a nice weekend," said the officer.
A fellow bought a new Mercedes and was out on the interstate for a nice evening drive. The top was down, the breeze was blowing through what was left of his hair and he decided to open her up. As the needle jumped up to 80 mph, he suddenly saw flashing red and blue lights behind him. "There's no way they can catch a Mercedes," he thought to himself and opened her up further. The needle hit 90, 100.... Then the reality of the situation hit him. "What am I doing?" he thought and pulled over. The cop came up to him, took his license without a word and examined it and the car. "It's been a long day, this is the end of my shift and it's Friday the 13th. I don't feel like more paperwork, so if you can give me an excuse for your driving that I haven't heard before, you can go." The guy thinks for a second and says, "Last week my wife ran off with a cop. I was afraid you were trying to give her back!" "Have a nice weekend," said the officer.
There were 11 people hanging onto a rope that came down from a plane. Ten were Antartians, and one was a university professor. They all decided that one person should get off because if they didn't then the rope would break and everyone would die. No one could decide who should go, so finally the professor said, "I'll get off." After a really touching speech from the professor saying she would get off, all of the Antartians started clapping.
There were 11 people hanging onto a rope that came down from a plane. Ten were Antartians, and one was a university professor. They all decided that one person should get off because if they didn't then the rope would break and everyone would die. No one could decide who should go, so finally the professor said, "I'll get off." After a really touching speech from the professor saying she would get off, all of the Antartians started clapping.
There once was a "smart guy," a "not that smart guy," and an all round "not smart at all guy." They were going to cross the Sahara Desert. The "smart guy" says, "meet here in an hour with something useful to cross the desert with!" Later on an hour passes. The "smart guy" says I brought some ice packs to keep our heads cool, the "not so smart guy" says I brought a pail of water to keep us hydrated. The "not smart at all guy" says, "I brought a car door so I can roll the window down when it gets hot!"
Q. What did baby corn say to mama corn? A. Where's popcorn?
It was snowing heavily and blowing to the point that visibility was almost zero when the little Antartian got off work. She made her way to her car and wondered how she was going to make it home. She sat in her car while it warmed up and thought about her situation. She finally remembered her daddy's advice that if she got caught in a blizzard; she should wait for a snowplow to come by and follow  it. That way she would not get stuck in a snowdrift. This made her feel much better and sure enough in a little while a snowplow went by and she started to follow it. As she follows the snow plow she was feeling very smug as they continued and she was not having any problem with the blizzard conditions. After quite sometime had passed she was somewhat surprised when the snow plow stopped and the driver got out and came back to her car and signaled for her to roll down her window. The snowplow driver wanted to know if she was all right as she had been following him for a long time. She said that she was fine and told him of her daddy's advice to follow a snowplow when caught in a blizzard. The driver replied that it was OK with him and she could continue if she wanted but he was done with the Wal-Mart parking lot and was going over to K-Mart next.
Let's say there is a hundred dollar bill in the center of a room. In each of the corners there is a person. In one corner there is a Santa Claus; in another, the Easter Bunny; in another a smart Antartian and in the last a dumb Antartian. They all notice the hundred-dollar bill in the center of the room. They all make a dash for the bill... who gets to the bill first??? Answer: The dumb Antartian; the others don't exist!!
An American tourist was lunching in a restaurant in China where the specialty was duck. The waiter explained each dish as he brought it to the table. "This is the breast of the duck; this the leg of the duck; this is the wing of the duck; etc." Then came the dish that the American knew was chicken. He waited for the explanation. Silence. "Well?" he finally asked, "What's this?" The waiter replied, "It's a friend of duck."
Seems an elderly gentleman had serious hearing problems for a number of years. He went to the doctor and the doctor was able to have him fitted for a set of hearing aids that allowed the gentleman to hear 100%. The elderly gentleman went back in a month to the doctor and the doctor said, "Your hearing is perfect. Your family must be really pleased you can hear again." To which the gentleman said, "Oh, I haven't told my family yet. I just sit around and listen to the conversations. I've changed my will five times!"
Seems an elderly gentleman had serious hearing problems for a number of years. He went to the doctor and the doctor was able to have him fitted for a set of hearing aids that allowed the gentleman to hear 100%. The elderly gentleman went back in a month to the doctor and the doctor said, "Your hearing is perfect. Your family must be really pleased you can hear again." To which the gentleman said, "Oh, I haven't told my family yet. I just sit around and listen to the conversations. I've changed my will five times!"
It was snowing heavily and blowing to the point that visibility was almost zero when the little Antartian got off work. She made her way to her car and wondered how she was going to make it home. She sat in her car while it warmed up and thought about her situation. She finally remembered her daddy's advice that if she got caught in a blizzard; she should wait for a snowplow to come by and follow  it. That way she would not get stuck in a snowdrift. This made her feel much better and sure enough in a little while a snowplow went by and she started to follow it. As she follows the snow plow she was feeling very smug as they continued and she was not having any problem with the blizzard conditions. After quite sometime had passed she was somewhat surprised when the snow plow stopped and the driver got out and came back to her car and signaled for her to roll down her window. The snowplow driver wanted to know if she was all right as she had been following him for a long time. She said that she was fine and told him of her daddy's advice to follow a snowplow when caught in a blizzard. The driver replied that it was OK with him and she could continue if she wanted but he was done with the Wal-Mart parking lot and was going over to K-Mart next.
A lady wasn't feeling well, so she went to the doctor. Doctor asked if she ever had chicken pox? Her reply: "No, but I have had chicken nuggets."
There was once a monastery and the friars there wanted a new bell for the bell tower. To raise enough money for the bell, the friars decided to start a florist shop. Well, word got out that some friars were opening a flower shop, and everyone wanted the friar's flowers! So they got great business and lots of money! Well, the other florists in that area weren't very happy because they were losing business. They sent a warning to the friars telling the friars that if they didn't stop selling flowers that they would send someone over to rough 'em up! The friars ignored the warning. The next day however, the angry florists got together and hired a thug named Hugh. Hugh was big and strong! Hugh went to the friar's flower shop and beat the friars up and tore up their shop! So the moral to this story is: Hugh, and only Hugh, can prevent florist friars!
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: Because chickens can't fly; they have to walk to cross the road.
Q: What do you do when an Antartian throws a pin at you? A: Run, because the grenade is in her mouth!!
1. If you stare at someone long enough, eventually you'll get what you want. 2. Don't go out without ID. 3. Leave room in your schedule for a good nap. 4. Always give people a friendly greeting. 5. If it's not wet and sloppy...it's not a good kiss.
1. If you stare at someone long enough, eventually you'll get what you want. 2. Don't go out without ID. 3. Leave room in your schedule for a good nap. 4. Always give people a friendly greeting. 5. If it's not wet and sloppy...it's not a good kiss.
In ancient Rome, deli workers were told that they could eat anything they wanted during the lunch hour.   Anything, that is, except the smoked salmon.   Thus, were created the world's first anti-lox breaks.
A man is in bed with his wife when there is a rat-a-tat-tat on the door. He rolls over and looks at his clock, and it's half past three in the morning. "I'm not getting out of bed at this time," he thinks, and rolls over. Then, a louder knock follows. "Aren't you going to answer that?" says his wife. So he drags himself out of bed and goes downstairs. He opens the door and there is man standing at the door. It didn't take the homeowner long to realize the man was drunk. "Hi there," slurs the stranger. "Can you give me a push??" "No, get lost. It's half past three. I was in bed," says the man and slams the door. He goes back up to bed and tells his wife what happened and she says, "Dave, that wasn't very nice of you. Remember that night we broke down in the pouring rain on the way to pick the kids up from the baby sitter and you had to knock on that man's house to get us started again? What would have happened if he'd told us to get lost??" "But the guy was drunk," says the husband. "It doesn't matter," says the wife. "He needs our help and it would be the right thing to help him." So the husband gets out of bed again, gets dressed and goes downstairs. He opens the door, and not being able to see the stranger anywhere he shouts, "Hey, do you still want a push??" And he hears a voice cry out, "Yeah, please." So, still being unable to see the stranger he shouts, "Where are you?" And the stranger replies, "I'm over here, on your swing."
A man is in bed with his wife when there is a rat-a-tat-tat on the door. He rolls over and looks at his clock, and it's half past three in the morning. "I'm not getting out of bed at this time," he thinks, and rolls over. Then, a louder knock follows. "Aren't you going to answer that?" says his wife. So he drags himself out of bed and goes downstairs. He opens the door and there is man standing at the door. It didn't take the homeowner long to realize the man was drunk. "Hi there," slurs the stranger. "Can you give me a push??" "No, get lost. It's half past three. I was in bed," says the man and slams the door. He goes back up to bed and tells his wife what happened and she says, "Dave, that wasn't very nice of you. Remember that night we broke down in the pouring rain on the way to pick the kids up from the baby sitter and you had to knock on that man's house to get us started again? What would have happened if he'd told us to get lost??" "But the guy was drunk," says the husband. "It doesn't matter," says the wife. "He needs our help and it would be the right thing to help him." So the husband gets out of bed again, gets dressed and goes downstairs. He opens the door, and not being able to see the stranger anywhere he shouts, "Hey, do you still want a push??" And he hears a voice cry out, "Yeah, please." So, still being unable to see the stranger he shouts, "Where are you?" And the stranger replies, "I'm over here, on your swing."
Q: What is it when an Antartian blows into another Antartian's ear? A: Data transfer.  Q: What did the Antartian say when she found out she was pregnant? A: "I wonder if it's mine?"  Q: Why shouldn't Antartian's have coffee breaks? A: It takes too long to retrain them.  Q: What do you call an eternity? A: Four Antartians at a four-way stop.  Q: How do you confuse an Antartian? A: Give him a package of M&M's and tell him to put them in alphabetical order.
Q: What is it when an Antartian blows into another Antartian's ear? A: Data transfer.  Q: What did the Antartian say when she found out she was pregnant? A: "I wonder if it's mine?"  Q: Why shouldn't Antartian's have coffee breaks? A: It takes too long to retrain them.  Q: What do you call an eternity? A: Four Antartians at a four-way stop.  Q: How do you confuse an Antartian? A: Give him a package of M&M's and tell him to put them in alphabetical order.
Q: What do you see when you look into an Antartian's eyes? A: The back of his head.  Q: What do you call 4 Antartians in a Volkswagen? A: Far-from-thinkin'.  Q: Why can't Antartians put in light bulbs? A: They keep breaking them with the hammer.  Q: Did you hear about the Antartian who shot an arrow into the air? A: She missed.
Q: What do you see when you look into an Antartian's eyes? A: The back of his head.  Q: What do you call 4 Antartians in a Volkswagen? A: Far-from-thinkin'.  Q: Why can't Antartians put in light bulbs? A: They keep breaking them with the hammer.  Q: Did you hear about the Antartian who shot an arrow into the air? A: She missed.
Q: How did the Antartian burn his nose? A: Bobbing for french fries.  Q: What do you call 20 Antartians in a freezer? A: Frosted flakes.
Q: How did the Antartian burn his nose? A: Bobbing for french fries.  Q: What do you call 20 Antartians in a freezer? A: Frosted flakes.
Q: How did the Antartian break his leg raking leaves? A: He fell out of the tree.  Q: How did the Antartian die drinking milk? A: The cow stepped on her.
This guy goes into a doctor's office. The doctor says, "Oh, Mr. Jones! We have the results of your test. Do you want the bad news first or the very bad news?" The guy shrugs and says, "Well I guess I'll have the bad news first." "Well the bad news is, you have 24 hours to live," the doctor replies. The man is distraught, "24 hours to live? That's horrible! What could be worse than that? What's the VERY bad news?" The doctor folds his hands and sighs, "The very bad news is...I've been trying to contact you since yesterday."
Four Antartians were driving to Disneyland one day. Along the way they approached a sign that said 'Disneyland - left,' so they turned around and went home.
Confucius say: "Man cannot exchange woman of forty for two twenties…"
Q: What kind of insects to you find on the Moon. A: Lunar Ticks (Lunatics)
Day 752 - My captors continue to taunt me with bizarre little dangling objects. They dine lavishly on fresh meat, while I am forced to eat dry cereal. The only thing that keeps me going is the hope of escape, and the mild satisfaction I get from ruining the occasional piece of furniture. Tomorrow I may eat another houseplant. Day 761 - Today my attempt to kill my captors by weaving around their feet while they were walking almost succeeded; must try this at the top of the stairs. In an attempt to disgust and repulse these vile oppressors, I once again induced myself to vomit on their favorite chair...must try this on their bed. Day 762 - Slept all day so that I could annoy my captors with sleep deprivation, incessant pleas for food at all hours of the night. Day 767 - Decapitated a mouse and brought them the headless body in an attempt to make them aware of what I am capable of, and to try to strike fear into their hearts. They only cooed and condescended about what a good little cat I was...Hmmm. Not working according to plan. Day 768 - I am finally aware of how sadistic they are. For no good reason I was chosen for the water torture.This time, however, it included a burning foamy chemical called "shampoo." What sick minds could invent such a liquid? My only consolation is the piece of thumb still stuck between my teeth. Day 771 - There was some sort of gathering of their accomplices. I was placed in solitary confinement throughout the event. However, I could hear the noise and smell the foul odor of the glass tubes they call "beer." More importantly I overheard that my confinement was due to MY power of "allergies." Must learn what this is and how to use it to my advantage. Day 774 - I am convinced the other captives are flunkies and may be snitches. The dog is routinely released and seems more than happy to return. He is obviously a half-wit. The bird, on the other hand, has got to be an informant. He has mastered their frightful tongue, something akin to mole speak, and speaks with them regularly. I am certain he reports my every move. Due to his current placement in the metal, room his safety is assured. But I can wait, it is only a matter of time...
A new miracle doctor was in town. He could cure anything and anybody, and everyone was amazed. Everyone except for Mr. Smith, the town’s grouch So Mr. Smith went to this 'miracle doctor' to prove that he wasn't anybody special. So he goes and tells the doctor, "Hey, doc, I have lost my sense of taste. I can't taste nothing', so what are you going to do?" The doctor scratches his head and mumbles to himself a little, then tells Mr. Smith, "What you need is jar number 43." Jar number 43? Mr. Smith wonders. So the doctor brings the jar and tells Mr. Smith to taste it. He tastes it and immediately spits it out, "This is gross!" he yells. "I just restored your sense of taste Mr. Smith," says the doctor. So Mr. Smith goes home very mad. One month later, Mr. Smith goes back to the doctor along with a new problem, "Doc," he starts, "I can't remember!" Thinking he got the doctor, the doctor scratches his head and mumbles to himself a little and tells Mr. Smith, "What you need is jar number 43..." Before the doctor finished his sentence, Mr. Smith fled the office. 
A new miracle doctor was in town. He could cure anything and anybody, and everyone was amazed. Everyone except for Mr. Smith, the town’s grouch So Mr. Smith went to this 'miracle doctor' to prove that he wasn't anybody special. So he goes and tells the doctor, "Hey, doc, I have lost my sense of taste. I can't taste nothing', so what are you going to do?" The doctor scratches his head and mumbles to himself a little, then tells Mr. Smith, "What you need is jar number 43." Jar number 43? Mr. Smith wonders. So the doctor brings the jar and tells Mr. Smith to taste it. He tastes it and immediately spits it out, "This is gross!" he yells. "I just restored your sense of taste Mr. Smith," says the doctor. So Mr. Smith goes home very mad. One month later, Mr. Smith goes back to the doctor along with a new problem, "Doc," he starts, "I can't remember!" Thinking he got the doctor, the doctor scratches his head and mumbles to himself a little and tells Mr. Smith, "What you need is jar number 43..." Before the doctor finished his sentence, Mr. Smith fled the office. 
There was this little guy sitting in a bar, drinking his beer, minding his own business when all of a sudden this great big dude comes in and -- WHACK!! -- knocks him off the bar stool and onto the floor. The big dude says, "That was a karate chop from Korea." The little guy thinks "GEEZ," but he gets back up on the stool and starts drinking again when all of a sudden -- WHACK!! -- the big dude knocks him down AGAIN and says, "That was a judo chop from Japan." So the little guy has had enough of this... He gets up, brushes himself off and quietly leaves. The little guy is gone for an hour or so when he returned. Without saying a word, he walks up behind the big dude and -- WHAM!!!" -- knocks the big dude off his stool, knocking him out cold!!! The little guy looks at the bartender and says, "When he gets up, tell him that's a crowbar from Sears.
There was this little guy sitting in a bar, drinking his beer, minding his own business when all of a sudden this great big dude comes in and -- WHACK!! -- knocks him off the bar stool and onto the floor. The big dude says, "That was a karate chop from Korea." The little guy thinks "GEEZ," but he gets back up on the stool and starts drinking again when all of a sudden -- WHACK!! -- the big dude knocks him down AGAIN and says, "That was a judo chop from Japan." So the little guy has had enough of this... He gets up, brushes himself off and quietly leaves. The little guy is gone for an hour or so when he returned. Without saying a word, he walks up behind the big dude and -- WHAM!!!" -- knocks the big dude off his stool, knocking him out cold!!! The little guy looks at the bartender and says, "When he gets up, tell him that's a crowbar from Sears.
· OK, who stopped payment on my reality check? · I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it. · Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off NOW. · Time is the best teacher, unfortunately it kills all of its students. · Some people are only alive because it is illegal to kill. · Pride is what we have. Vanity is what others have. · A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory. · Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear. · Give me ambiguity or give me something else. · Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. · Consciousness: That annoying time between naps. · Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home. · There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't. · Why is 'abbreviation' such a long word? · Keep honking...I'm reloading
Funny Bumper Stickers: · Your kid may be an honors student, but you're still an idiot. · We have enough youth, how about a fountain of Smart? · He who laughs last thinks slowest. · Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math. · It IS as bad as you think, and they ARE out to get you. · Auntie Em, hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. Dorothy. · Time is what keeps everything from happening at once. · I get enough exercise just pushing my luck. · Montana -- At least our cows are sane! · Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs. · Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Q: What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A: A Yamahahaha
A highway patrolman stopped an Antartian who was driving very slowly. When the policeman asked him why, he said he saw a sign that said, "22." The cop told him that the sign was for "Highway 22." After this, the cop wanted to know why the Antartian's friends in the back seat were acting so nervous. The Antartian replied, "Oh, we just got off the 102."
A highway patrolman stopped an Antartian who was driving very slowly. When the policeman asked him why, he said he saw a sign that said, "22." The cop told him that the sign was for "Highway 22." After this, the cop wanted to know why the Antartian's friends in the back seat were acting so nervous. The Antartian replied, "Oh, we just got off the 102."
It was the end of the school year, and a kindergarten teacher was receiving gifts from her pupils. The florist's son handed her a gift. She shook it, held it overhead, and said, "I bet I know what it is. Flowers." "That's right," the boy said, but how did you know "Oh, just a wild guess," she said. The next pupil was the sweet shop owner's daughter. The teacher held her gift overhead, shook it, and said, "I bet I can guess what it is. A box of sweets." "That's right, but how did you know?" asked the girl. "Oh, just a wild guess," said the teacher. The next gift was from the son of the liquor storeowner. The teacher held the package overhead, but it was leaking. She touched a drop off the leakage with her finger and put it to her tongue. "Is it wine?" she asked. "No," the boy replied, with some excitement. The teacher repeated the process, tasting a larger drop of the leakage. "Is it champagne?" she asked. "No," the boy replied, with more excitement. The teacher took one more big taste before declaring, "I give up, what is it?" With great glee, the boy replied, "It's a puppy!" SURPRISE!
Q. What did the dog say when he sat on sand paper? A. "Rough rough". Q. Why did the ape run around with a piece of raw meat on his head? A. He thought he was a gorilla. (griller)!
Q. What did the dog say when he sat on sand paper? A. "Rough rough". Q. Why did the ape run around with a piece of raw meat on his head? A. He thought he was a gorilla. (griller)!
Did you hear about the frog who went to the library to get some reading material? As the librarian on duty suggested a list of titles, the frog was heard replying, "Read it…read it...read it...."
Did you hear about the frog who went to the library to get some reading material? As the librarian on duty suggested a list of titles, the frog was heard replying, "Read it…read it...read it...."
Shut Up and Trouble were walking down a path. Trouble got lost. So, Shut Up went to the police officer. The police officer asked, "What's your name?" He answered, "Shut Up." He asked again "What's your name?" "Shut Up." The police officer asked, "Are you looking for trouble?!" "Yeah, I lost him down a path about two miles ago."
Bob: "So, you say that you won the conversation with your wife yesterday." Joe: "Yes, she came crawling on her hands and knees." Bob: "Really? What did she say?" Joe: "Come out from under the bed, you coward
Old Saying. . . . My husband, being an astute shopper, as well as an employee at a large local hardware store, keeps an eye on all the closeouts and sales where he works. One evening he came in the door as usual, we exchanged our usual 'glad to see you' affection, then I noticed that 'I've got a surprise for you' look on his face. He held up two large sacks filled with items. In the two sacks were eight candleholders for 25 cents apiece, because he knows I love candles. The other sack contained ten bottles of window cleaner, which closed out for 50 cents each. I loved the gifts, but was overwhelmed with the quantity so I asked, "Honey! What did you do? Buy everything but the kitchen sink?" He grinned in his impish way and motioned for me to follow him. He is so good at that impishness I never know just what will occur next. Full of curiosity and love for my interesting husband, I followed him out to the car. He slowly opened the truck and low and behold! There was the kitchen sink! He grinned at me again and told me he couldn't leave such an expensive sink there when it cost next to nothing! I guess I'll have to find a different 'old saying' in the vernacular when it comes to my husband!
Q: Why did the Mummy go to the bathroom? A: To wrap itself in toilet paper!
Three Antartians were going on a hunting trip one day. They came to a high fence and saw a sign that said, "No Trespassing. All violators will be shot!" They ignored the sign's warning and climbed the fence anyway. After they were over the fence (it was dark now), they saw a car's headlights speeding toward them. They remembered the sign's warning and scrambled up separate trees. The driver, who was a farmer, said, "I know I saw someone climb one of these trees." He went to the first tree and yelled, "Who's up there?" The first man was very silent and the farmer moved to the next tree. Again he yelled, "Who's up there?" The second man knew that the farmer would take a closer look this time, so he said, "Whooo Whooo (like an owl)." The farmer then went to the last tree thinking he could have made a mistake and did not see anyone. The farmer looked up in the next tree and said, "Who's up there?" The third man then said confidently, "Mooooooooooooooo."
Three Antartians were going on a hunting trip one day. They came to a high fence and saw a sign that said, "No Trespassing. All violators will be shot!" They ignored the sign's warning and climbed the fence anyway. After they were over the fence (it was dark now), they saw a car's headlights speeding toward them. They remembered the sign's warning and scrambled up separate trees. The driver, who was a farmer, said, "I know I saw someone climb one of these trees." He went to the first tree and yelled, "Who's up there?" The first man was very silent and the farmer moved to the next tree. Again he yelled, "Who's up there?" The second man knew that the farmer would take a closer look this time, so he said, "Whooo Whooo (like an owl)." The farmer then went to the last tree thinking he could have made a mistake and did not see anyone. The farmer looked up in the next tree and said, "Who's up there?" The third man then said confidently, "Mooooooooooooooo."
A man in a hot air balloon realized he was lost. He reduced altitude and spotted a man below. He descended a bit more and shouted, "Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him half an hour ago, but I don't know where I am." The man below replied, "You are in a hot air balloon hovering approximately 30 feet above the ground. You are between 40 and 42 degrees north latitude and between 58 and 60 degrees west longitude." "You must be an engineer," said the balloonist. "I am," replied the man, "but how did you know?" "Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you told me is technically correct, but I have no idea what to make of your information, and the fact is I am still lost." The man below responded, "You must be a manager." "I am," replied the balloonist, "how did you know?" "Well," said the man, "you don't know where you are or where you are going. You made a promise which you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. The fact is you are exactly in the same position you were in before we met, but now, somehow, it's my fault."
A man in a hot air balloon realized he was lost. He reduced altitude and spotted a man below. He descended a bit more and shouted, "Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him half an hour ago, but I don't know where I am." The man below replied, "You are in a hot air balloon hovering approximately 30 feet above the ground. You are between 40 and 42 degrees north latitude and between 58 and 60 degrees west longitude." "You must be an engineer," said the balloonist. "I am," replied the man, "but how did you know?" "Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you told me is technically correct, but I have no idea what to make of your information, and the fact is I am still lost." The man below responded, "You must be a manager." "I am," replied the balloonist, "how did you know?" "Well," said the man, "you don't know where you are or where you are going. You made a promise which you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. The fact is you are exactly in the same position you were in before we met, but now, somehow, it's my fault."
Overheard: Bill Gates talking with one of his financial advisor's... Bill says, "You did what with my 150 million dollars? I said Snapple, not Apple!"
Q: What has dual airbags and has lots of room? A: The White House.
A frog came into a bank to obtain a loan. He spoke to the loan officer Mr. Paddywack. When Mr. Paddywack asked the frog what he had for loan collateral, the frog held out his hand. "What's that?" asked Mr. Paddywack, but the frog could not talk. So, Mr. Paddywack took the frog in to see the manager and explained the situation. The manager then asked the frog what collateral he had for the loan and the frog held out his hand. "Oh," said the manager, "that's a knickknack Paddywack, give the frog a loan."
A frog came into a bank to obtain a loan. He spoke to the loan officer Mr. Paddywack. When Mr. Paddywack asked the frog what he had for loan collateral, the frog held out his hand. "What's that?" asked Mr. Paddywack, but the frog could not talk. So, Mr. Paddywack took the frog in to see the manager and explained the situation. The manager then asked the frog what collateral he had for the loan and the frog held out his hand. "Oh," said the manager, "that's a knickknack Paddywack, give the frog a loan."
Q: What is a bus ? A: A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
Q: What is a bus ? A: A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
Q. Why did the belt go to jail? A. Because he held up a pair of pants!
A little boy opened the big and old family Bible. With fascination, he looked at the old pages as he turned them. Then something fell out of the Bible and he picked up and looked at it closely. It was an old leaf from a tree that has been pressed in between pages. "Momma, look what I found," the boy called out. "What have you got there, dear?" his mother asked. With astonishment in the young boy's voice he answered, "I think it's Adam's suit!!!!!"
A little boy opened the big and old family Bible. With fascination, he looked at the old pages as he turned them. Then something fell out of the Bible and he picked up and looked at it closely. It was an old leaf from a tree that has been pressed in between pages. "Momma, look what I found," the boy called out. "What have you got there, dear?" his mother asked. With astonishment in the young boy's voice he answered, "I think it's Adam's suit!!!!!"
A Sunday school teacher asked her little children, as they were on the way to church service, "And why is it necessary to be quiet in church?" One bright little girl replied, "Because people are sleeping."
A Sunday school teacher asked her little children, as they were on the way to church service, "And why is it necessary to be quiet in church?" One bright little girl replied, "Because people are sleeping."
A boy had reached four without giving up the habit of sucking his thumb, though his mother had tried everything from bribery to reasoning to painting it with lemon juice to discourage the habit. Finally she tried threats, warning her son that, "If you don't stop sucking your thumb, your stomach is going to blow up like a balloon."   Later that day, walking in the park, mother and son saw a pregnant woman sitting on a bench. The four-year-old considered her gravely for a minute, then spoke to her saying, "Uh-oh... I know what you've been doing."
"Two guys walk into a bar... you'd think the second would duck."
The following quotes are reported to have been taken from actual Federal (U.S.) employee performance evaluations: - "He sets low personal standards and then consistently fails to achieve them." - "This employee is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot." - "He would argue with a signpost." - "A prime candidate for natural de-selection." - "Some drink from the fountain of knowledge; he only gargled." - "Takes him two hours to watch 60 minutes."
"January 1, 2000, is a Saturday. So if the world comes to an end for a couple of days, it'll be OK. We've all had weekends like that." -- Reed Hundt, former Chairman of the FCC
Jack: "My brother was sick and went to the doctor." John: "Is he feeling better now?" Jack: "No, he has a broken arm." John: "How did he break it?" Jack: "Well, the doctor gave him a prescription and told him no matter what happened, to follow that prescription. And the prescription blew out of the window." John: "How did he break his arm?" Jack: "He fell out of the window trying to follow the prescription."
A little girl asked her mother, "Can I go outside and play with the boys?" Her mother replied, "No, you can't play with the boys, they're too rough." The little girl thought about it for a few moments and asked, "If I can find a smooth one, can I play with him?"
A little girl asked her mother, "Can I go outside and play with the boys?" Her mother replied, "No, you can't play with the boys, they're too rough." The little girl thought about it for a few moments and asked, "If I can find a smooth one, can I play with him?"
A certain little girl, when asked her name, would reply, "I'm Mr. Sugarbrown's daughter." Her mother told her this was wrong, she must just say, "I'm Jane Sugarbrown." The minister spoke to her in Sunday School and said, "Aren't you Mr. Sugarbrown's daughter?" She replied, "Well, I thought I was, but mother says I'm not."
A certain little girl, when asked her name, would reply, "I'm Mr. Sugarbrown's daughter." Her mother told her this was wrong, she must just say, "I'm Jane Sugarbrown." The minister spoke to her in Sunday School and said, "Aren't you Mr. Sugarbrown's daughter?" She replied, "Well, I thought I was, but mother says I'm not."
An acquaintance of mine who is a physician told this story about her then-four-year-old daughter. On the way to preschool, the doctor had left her stethoscope on the car seat, and her little girl picked it up and began playing with it. Be still, my heart, thought my friend, gee, my daughter wants to follow in my footsteps and be a doctor! Then the child spoke into the instrument: "Welcome to McDonald's. May I take your order?"
An acquaintance of mine who is a physician told this story about her then-four-year-old daughter. On the way to preschool, the doctor had left her stethoscope on the car seat, and her little girl picked it up and began playing with it. Be still, my heart, thought my friend, gee, my daughter wants to follow in my footsteps and be a doctor! Then the child spoke into the instrument: "Welcome to McDonald's. May I take your order?"
Two robins were lying on their backs, basking in the sun. A mama cat and her kitten were walking by. The kitten complained, "Mamma, I'm soooo hungry. What can we eat?" To which the mamma cat, spying the two birds, replied, "How about some baskin' robbins?"
Two robins were lying on their backs, basking in the sun. A mama cat and her kitten were walking by. The kitten complained, "Mamma, I'm soooo hungry. What can we eat?" To which the mamma cat, spying the two birds, replied, "How about some baskin' robbins?"
A sweet little boy surprised his grandmother one morning and brought her a cup of coffee. He made it himself and was so proud. He anxiously waited to hear the verdict on the quality of the coffee. The grandmother had never in her life had such a bad cup of coffee, and as she forced down the last sip she noticed three of those little green army guys in the bottom of the cup. She asked, "Honey, why would three little green army guys be in the bottom of my cup?" Her grandson replied, "You know grandma, it's like on TV, 'The best part of waking up is soldiers in your cup.'"
A sweet little boy surprised his grandmother one morning and brought her a cup of coffee. He made it himself and was so proud. He anxiously waited to hear the verdict on the quality of the coffee. The grandmother had never in her life had such a bad cup of coffee.    As she forced down the last sip she noticed three of those little green army guys in the bottom of the cup. She asked, "Honey, why would three little green army guys be in the bottom of my cup?"  Her grandson replied, "You know grandma, it's like on TV, 'The best part of waking up is soldiers in your cup.'"
It seems there was an agreement between two of the top power nations at the height of the arms race which grew out of their concern of global annihilation. Both sides agreed on a final end-all battle which would be one gigantic mean dogfight. Each would get five years to prepare their top animals. The first one, the Ugonauts, took the biggest, meanest Rottweiler and Doberman females and bred them with the biggest, meanest Siberian Wolves money could buy. Then they selected only the biggest, meanest pups of the litter to rebreed, year after year. It finally came to the big day. The Hugonauts had to drag their entry in with huge heavy ropes, and no one could get near the cage. The Argonauts toted in the craziest crate -- it was low to the ground and eight feet long. When they opened it, people gasped! Out waddled the funniest looking eight feet long wiener dog anyone had ever seen. People felt sorry for the Argonauts, and the Hugos snickered in disbelief. The heavy door to the Hugo's terror was slowly pulled open and out jumped the most hideous monster of a dog there'd ever been, snarling and growling. Just as the monster pounced at the neck of the wiener dog to take him out, the wiener dog opened its mouth and swallowed the Hugo's dog whole! Everyone was in total disbelief! The Hugos said they just couldn't understand it! They'd spent years and years perfecting this animal, how could this be? The Argo's glibly replied, "That's nothing. We spent hundreds of thousands of dollars for the top plastic surgeons in the world to come here and make this alligator look like a wiener dog!" (Just goes to show ya, things aren't always what they look like!)
It seems there was an agreement between two of the top power nations at the height of the arms race which grew out of their concern of global annihilation. Both sides agreed on a final end-all battle which would be one gigantic mean dogfight. Each would get five years to prepare their top animals. The first one, the Ugonauts, took the biggest, meanest Rottweiler and Doberman females and bred them with the biggest, meanest Siberian Wolves money could buy. Then they selected only the biggest, meanest pups of the litter to rebreed, year after year. It finally came to the big day. The Hugonauts had to drag their entry in with huge heavy ropes, and no one could get near the cage. The Argonauts toted in the craziest crate -- it was low to the ground and eight feet long. When they opened it, people gasped! Out waddled the funniest looking eight feet long wiener dog anyone had ever seen. People felt sorry for the Argonauts, and the Hugos snickered in disbelief. The heavy door to the Hugo's terror was slowly pulled open and out jumped the most hideous monster of a dog there'd ever been, snarling and growling. Just as the monster pounced at the neck of the wiener dog to take him out, the wiener dog opened its mouth and swallowed the Hugo's dog whole! Everyone was in total disbelief! The Hugos said they just couldn't understand it! They'd spent years and years perfecting this animal, how could this be? The Argo's glibly replied, "That's nothing. We spent hundreds of thousands of dollars for the top plastic surgeons in the world to come here and make this alligator look like a wiener dog!" (Just goes to show ya, things aren't always what they look like!)
A lady opened her refrigerator and saw a rabbit sitting on one of the shelves, "What are you doing in there?" she asked. The rabbit replied, "This is a Westinghouse, isn't it?" The lady confirmed, "Yes." "Well," the rabbit said, "I'm westing."
A lady opened her refrigerator and saw a rabbit sitting on one of the shelves, "What are you doing in there?" she asked. The rabbit replied, "This is a Westinghouse, isn't it?" The lady confirmed, "Yes." "Well," the rabbit said, "I'm westing."
On his first visit to the zoo, a little boy stared at the caged stork for a long time. He waved, jumped up and down, and stared at the stork a while longer. Finally, turning to his father, he exclaimed, "Gee, Dad, he doesn't recognize me."
On his first visit to the zoo, a little boy stared at the caged stork for a long time. He waved, jumped up and down, and stared at the stork a while longer. Finally, turning to his father, he exclaimed, "Gee, Dad, he doesn't recognize me."
Q: Why are frogs so happy? A: They eat whatever bugs them!  Q: Why did the frog read Sherlock Holmes? A: He liked a good croak and dagger.  Q: What does a bankrupt frog say? A: "Baroke, baroke, baroke."
Said the officer to the soldier, "Private, why did you salute that refrigerator?" The soldier replied, "Because it was General Electric." "And that jeep?" the officer asked. Replied the soldier, "Because it was General Motors."
HOW TO KEEP A HEALTHY LEVEL OF INSANITY AND DRIVE OTHER PEOPLE INSANE Submitted by Jonalee Echols from Bullard Texas. 1. Page yourself over the intercom. Don't disguise your voice. 2. Find out where your boss shops and buy exactly the same outfits. Always wear them one day after your boss does. This is especially effective if your boss is the opposite gender. 3. Put mosquito netting around your cubicle. 4. Every time someone asks you to do something, ask if they want fries with that. 5. Put your garbage can on your desk and label it "IN." 6. When driving colleagues around, insist on keeping your car's windshield wipers running during all weather conditions to keep 'em tuned up. 7. Reply to everything someone says with, "That's what you think." 8. Highlight irrelevant information in scientific papers, then cc them to your boss. 9. Finish all your sentences with "in accordance with the prophecy." 10. At lunchtime, sit in your parked car and point a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down. 11. Specify that your drive-thru order is "to go." 12. Go to a poetry recital and ask why the poems don't rhyme.
A travelling salesman was passing through a small town in the West when he saw a little old man sitting in a rocking chair on the stoop of his house. The little old man looked so contented that the salesman couldn't resist going over and talking to him. "You look as if you don't have a care in the world," the salesman told him. "What is your formula for a long and happy life?" "Well," replied the little old man, "I smoke six packs of cigarettes a day, I drink a quart of bourbon every four hours and six cases of beer a week. I never wash and I go out every night." "My goodness," exclaimed the salesman, "that's just great! How old are you?" "Twenty-five," was the reply.
A boy is assigned homework to have his parents read him a bedtime story. Upon reaching home, his father reads him a variation of the "Three Little Pigs." The story covered everything from the threat of the wolf, to the new addition of the pigs buying their materials, to the pigs defeating the wolf. In class the next day, the teacher asked the boy what the man selling sticks thought when the pig came to his door. The boy promptly answered, "Holy cow, a talking pig!"
An airline captain was breaking in an Antartian as a stewardess. The route they were flying had a stay-over in another city, so upon their arrival, the captain showed the stewardess the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop and stay overnight. The next morning as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day's route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up wondering what happened to her. She answered the phone, sobbing, and said she couldn't get out of her room. "You can't get out of your room?" the captain asked, "Why not?" The stewardess replied, "There are only three doors in here," she cried, "one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says "Do Not Disturb!!"
An airline captain was breaking in an Antartian as a stewardess. The route they were flying had a stay-over in another city, so upon their arrival, the captain showed the stewardess the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop and stay overnight. The next morning as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day's route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up wondering what happened to her. She answered the phone, sobbing, and said she couldn't get out of her room. "You can't get out of your room?" the captain asked, "Why not?" The stewardess replied, "There are only three doors in here," she cried, "one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says "Do Not Disturb!!"
Q: Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book? A: They all have phones.
Patient: "Doctor, doctor, what can I put on my yellowish tooth?" Dentist: "A brown tie will suit perfectly."
Q: Where do you find a dog with no legs? A: Right where you left it.
Q: Where do you find a dog with no legs? A: Right where you left it.
Why do only 10% of the Antartian population get into Heaven? Because if it were any more, it would be hell!
Two Antartians were flying to Miami from Cleveland. Fifteen minutes into the flight, the Captain announces, "One of the engines has failed and the flight will be an hour longer. But don't worry, we have three engines left." Thirty minutes later, the Captain announces, "One more engine has failed and the flight will be two hours longer. But don't worry, we have two engines left." An hour later, the Captain announces, "One more engine has failed and the flight will be three hours longer. But don't worry, we have one engine left." One Antartian looked at the other and said, "If we lose one more engine, we'll be up here all day!"
Two Antartians were flying to Miami from Cleveland. Fifteen minutes into the flight, the Captain announces, "One of the engines has failed and the flight will be an hour longer. But don't worry, we have three engines left." Thirty minutes later, the Captain announces, "One more engine has failed and the flight will be two hours longer. But don't worry, we have two engines left." An hour later, the Captain announces, "One more engine has failed and the flight will be three hours longer. But don't worry, we have one engine left." One Antartian looked at the other and said, "If we lose one more engine, we'll be up here all day!"
Q: Why did the guy get fired from the orange juice factory? A: He couldn't concentrate.
John gets a call from his Artartian friend, Bill. "I've got a problem," says Bill. "What's the matter?" asks John. "Well, I've bought this jigsaw puzzle, but it's just too hard. None of the pieces fit together and I can't find any edges." "What's the picture of?" asks John. "It's a picture of a big Rooster," replies Bill. "All right," says John, " I'll come over and have a look." He goes over to Bill's house. Bill leads John into his kitchen and shows him the jigsaw puzzle on the kitchen table. John looks at the jigsaw, frowns, then turns to Bill and says, "For Pete's sake, Bill, put the Cornflakes back in the Box!"
John gets a call from his Artartian friend, Bill. "I've got a problem," says Bill. "What's the matter?" asks John. "Well, I've bought this jigsaw puzzle, but it's just too hard. None of the pieces fit together and I can't find any edges." "What's the picture of?" asks John. "It's a picture of a big Rooster," replies Bill. "All right," says John, " I'll come over and have a look." He goes over to Bill's house. Bill leads John into his kitchen and shows him the jigsaw puzzle on the kitchen table. John looks at the jigsaw, frowns, then turns to Bill and says, "For Pete's sake, Bill, put the Cornflakes back in the Box!"
One Antartian was driving down an old country road when he spots another Antartian in a wheat field rowing a boat. He pulls over to the side of the road and stops the car. Staring in disbelief, he stands at the side of the road to watch the woman for a while. When he could not stand it any more, he called out to the Antartian in the field, "Why are you rowing a boat in the middle of the field?" The Antartian in the field stops rowing and responds, "Because it is an ocean of wheat." The Antartian standing on the side of the road is furious. He yells at the Antartian in the field, "It is Antartians like you that give the rest of us a bad name." The Antartian in the field just shrugged her shoulders and began rowing again. The Antartian on the side of the road was beside himself and shook his fist at Antartian in the field yelling, "If I could swim, I would come out there and drag you in!!!"
One Antartian was driving down an old country road when he spots another Antartian in a wheat field rowing a boat. He pulls over to the side of the road and stops the car. Staring in disbelief, he stands at the side of the road to watch the woman for a while. When he could not stand it any more, he called out to the Antartian in the field, "Why are you rowing a boat in the middle of the field?" The Antartian in the field stops rowing and responds, "Because it is an ocean of wheat." The Antartian standing on the side of the road is furious. He yells at the Antartian in the field, "It is Antartians like you that give the rest of us a bad name." The Antartian in the field just shrugged her shoulders and began rowing again. The Antartian on the side of the road was beside himself and shook his fist at Antartian in the field yelling, "If I could swim, I would come out there and drag you in!!!"
Trying to be a good father, Jack took his son Tommy to the movies. He drove uptown to the Hoyts Theater, and there they watched an exceptionally long movie. Afterwards, as they were heading to the car, the father asked his son, "Did you like the movie, Tommy?" "Yeah, Dad, but I think I know why they call it Hoyts Theater." Puzzled by this comment, the father asked, "Why?" And the little boy replied, "Because it Hoyts when you get up!"
For a couple years I've been blaming it on lack of sleep and too much pressure from my job, but now I found out the real reason: I'm tired because I'm overworked. The population of this country is 237 million. 104 million are retired. That leaves 133 million to do the work.   There are 85 million in school, which leaves 48 million to do the work. Of this there are 29 million employed by the federal government, leaving 19 million to do the work. 2.8 million are in the Armed Forces, which leaves 16.2 million to do the work. Take from the total the 14,800,000 people who work for State and City Governments and that leaves 1.4 million to do the work. At any given time there are 188,000 people in hospitals, leaving 1,212,000 to do the work. Now, there are 1,211,998 people in prisons.   That leaves just two people to do the work. You and me. And you're sitting at your computer reading jokes.
An elephant was walking in a park. With each step he took, he squished many little ants. Upset, the ants began to crawl up on the elephant -- first his legs and then up all over his body. When the elephant started feeling all the little ants on him, he shook hard, making all the little ants, except for one, fall to the ground. As the only ant on the elephant hung on close to the elephant's neck, the ones on the ground began to yell, "Strangle him!!! Strangle him!!!"
An elephant was walking in a park. With each step he took, he squished many little ants. Upset, the ants began to crawl up on the elephant -- first his legs and then up all over his body. When the elephant started feeling all the little ants on him, he shook hard, making all the little ants, except for one, fall to the ground. As the only ant on the elephant hung on close to the elephant's neck, the ones on the ground began to yell, "Strangle him!!! Strangle him!!!"
Sign at truck stop café reads: Eat here diet home
An Antartian decides to try horseback riding, even though she has had no lessons or prior experience. She mounts the horse unassisted and the horse immediately springs into motion. It gallops along at a steady rhythmic pace, but the Antartian begins to slip from the saddle. In terror, she grabs for the horse's mane, but cannot seem to get a firm grip. She tries to throw her arms around the horse's neck, but she slides down the side of the horse anyway. The horse gallops along, seemingly oblivious to its slipping rider. Finally, giving up her frail grip, she leaps away from the horse to try and throw herself to safety. Unfortunately, her foot has become entangled in the stirrup and she is now at  the mercy of the horse's pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground again and again. As her head is battered against the ground, she is mere moments away from unconsciousness when...Stan the Walmart manager runs out to shut the horse off.
On the first day of college, the Dean addressed the students:  "The female dormitory is out-of-bounds for all male students, and the male dormitory to the female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $20 the first time. The second time you will be fined $60. A third time will cost you a fine of $180. Are there any questions?"  A male student inquired, "How much for a season pass?"
On the first day of college, the Dean addressed the students:  "The female dormitory is out-of-bounds for all male students, and the male dormitory to the female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $20 the first time. The second time you will be fined $60. A third time will cost you a fine of $180. Are there any questions?"  A male student inquired, "How much for a season pass?"
Martin had just received his brand new driver's license. The family troops out to the driveway, and climbs in the car, where he is going to take them for a ride for the first time. Dad immediately heads for the back seat, directly behind the newly minted driver.  "I'll bet you're back there to get a change of scenery after all those months of sitting in the front passenger seat teaching me how to drive," says the beaming boy to his father.  "Nope," comes dad's reply, "I'm gonna sit here and kick the back of your seat as you drive, just like you've been doing to me all these years."
Once upon a time, there lived a little red man, and he lived in a little red house. He was having a bath in his little red bath tub when the doorbell rang. So he got out of his little red bath tub and put his little red towel around his waist. He ran down his stairs and opened the door to the milkman. Suddenly, his towel slipped off, and the milkman gasped in horror and ran for his life. He darted across a road, still terrified, and was tragically run over. The moral of the story: Never cross the road when the little red man is flashing!
An Antartian named Babbette finds herself in dire trouble. Her business has gone bust and she's in serious financial trouble. She's so desperate that she decides to ask God for help. She begins to pray... "God, please help me. I've lost my business and if I don't get some money, I'm going to lose my house as well. Please let me win the lotto." Lotto night comes and somebody else wins it. Babbette again prays..."God, please let me win the lotto! I've lost my business, my house and I'm going to lose my car as well." Lotto night comes and Babbette still has no luck. Once again, she prays..."My God, why have you forsaken me?? I've lost my business, my house and my car. My children are starving. I don't often ask you for help and I have always been a good servant to you. PLEASE just let me win the lotto this one time so I can get my life back in order." Suddenly there is a blinding flash of light as the heavens open and Babbette is confronted by the voice of God Himself: "Babbette, meet Me halfway on this. Buy a ticket."
An Antartian named Babbette finds herself in dire trouble. Her business has gone bust and she's in serious financial trouble. She's so desperate that she decides to ask God for help. She begins to pray... "God, please help me. I've lost my business and if I don't get some money, I'm going to lose my house as well. Please let me win the lotto." Lotto night comes and somebody else wins it. Babbette again prays..."God, please let me win the lotto! I've lost my business, my house and I'm going to lose my car as well." Lotto night comes and Babbette still has no luck. Once again, she prays..."My God, why have you forsaken me?? I've lost my business, my house and my car. My children are starving. I don't often ask you for help and I have always been a good servant to you. PLEASE just let me win the lotto this one time so I can get my life back in order." Suddenly there is a blinding flash of light as the heavens open and Babbette is confronted by the voice of God Himself: "Babbette, meet Me halfway on this. Buy a ticket."
An Antartian decides to try horseback riding, even though she has had no lessons or prior experience. She mounts the horse unassisted and the horse immediately springs into motion. It gallops along at a steady rhythmic pace, but the Antartian begins to slip from the saddle. In terror, she grabs for the horse's mane, but cannot seem to get a firm grip. She tries to throw her arms around the horse's neck, but she slides down the side of the horse anyway. The horse gallops along, seemingly oblivious to its slipping rider. Finally, giving up her frail grip, she leaps away from the horse to try and throw herself to safety. Unfortunately, her foot has become entangled in the stirrup and she is now at  the mercy of the horse's pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground again and again. As her head is battered against the ground, she is mere moments away from unconsciousness when...Stan the Walmart manager runs out to shut the horse off.
ELEPHANT AND ANT QUESTIONS - TO ASK SOMEBODY 1. One day the elephant and the ant went to play hide and seek in the Jungle. It was the elephant's turn to seek and he searched high and low until he came upon a temple in the middle of the Jungle. Q: Now, how did the elephant know that the ant was inside the Temple? A: Because the ant left his slippers outside. 2. The ant went to visit the elephant one day. After a nice meal, the elephant suggested they watch TV. Q: Why did the ant decline? A: Because he left his glasses at home. 3. One day the elephant and the ant went biking, when they crashed into a big truck. The elephant died immediately. Q: Do you know why the ant survived? A: Because he was wearing a helmet.
10 fun things to do at your local retail store..... 1. Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations. 2. Ride those little electronic cars at the front of the store. 3. Set all the alarm clocks to go off at ten minute intervals throughout the day. 4. Start playing Calvinball; see how many people you can get to join in. 5. Contaminate the entire auto department by sampling all the spray air fresheners. 6. Challenge other customers to duels with tubes of gift wrap. 7. Leave cryptic messages on the typewriters. 8. Re-dress the mannequins as you see fit. 9. When there are people behind you, walk REALLY SLOW, especially in thin, narrow aisles. 10. Walk up to an employee and tell him in an official tone, 'I think we've got a Code 3 in Housewares,' and see what happens.
Steven Spielberg was busy discussing his new action adventure about famous classical composers. Bruce Willis, Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger were in the room. "Who do you want to play?" Spielberg asked Bruce Willis. "I've always been a big fan of Chopin," said Bruce. "I'll play him." "And you, Sylvester?" asked Spielberg. "Mozart's the one for me!" said Sly. "And what about you?" Spielberg asked Arnold Schwarzenegger. "I'll be Bach," said Arnie.
Steven Spielberg was busy discussing his new action adventure about famous classical composers. Bruce Willis, Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger were in the room. "Who do you want to play?" Spielberg asked Bruce Willis. "I've always been a big fan of Chopin," said Bruce. "I'll play him." "And you, Sylvester?" asked Spielberg. "Mozart's the one for me!" said Sly. "And what about you?" Spielberg asked Arnold Schwarzenegger. "I'll be Bach," said Arnie.
Martin had just received his brand new driver's license. The family troops out to the driveway, and climbs in the car, where he is going to take them for a ride for the first time. Dad immediately heads for the back seat, directly behind the newly minted driver.  "I'll bet you're back there to get a change of scenery after all those months of sitting in the front passenger seat teaching me how to drive," says the beaming boy to his father.  "Nope," comes dad's reply, "I'm gonna sit here and kick the back of your seat as you drive, just like you've been doing to me all these years."
Q: How many type A personalities does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw in the light bulb, and one to tell him he's doing it all wrong.
There once was a dog named Tax. I opened the door and income Tax.
There once was a dog named Tax. I opened the door and income Tax.
Why did the three little pigs run away from home? Their father was a bore!
A couple was celebrating their golden wedding anniversary. Their domestic tranquillity had long been the talk of the town. A local newspaper reporter was inquiring as to the secret of their long and happy marriage. "Well, it dates back to our honeymoon," explained the lady. "We visited the Grand Canyon and took a trip down to the bottom of the canyon by pack mule. We hadn't gone too far when my husband's mule stumbled. "My husband quietly said 'That's once.' We proceeded a little farther when the mule stumbled again. Once more my husband quietly said, 'That's twice.' We hadn't gone a half-mile when the mule stumbled a third time. My husband promptly removed a revolver from his pocket and shot him. I started to protest over his treatment of the mule when he looked at me and quietly said 'That's once.'"
A couple was celebrating their golden wedding anniversary. Their domestic tranquillity had long been the talk of the town. A local newspaper reporter was inquiring as to the secret of their long and happy marriage. "Well, it dates back to our honeymoon," explained the lady. "We visited the Grand Canyon and took a trip down to the bottom of the canyon by pack mule. We hadn't gone too far when my husband's mule stumbled. "My husband quietly said 'That's once.' We proceeded a little farther when the mule stumbled again. Once more my husband quietly said, 'That's twice.' We hadn't gone a half-mile when the mule stumbled a third time. My husband promptly removed a revolver from his pocket and shot him. I started to protest over his treatment of the mule when he looked at me and quietly said 'That's once.'"
A tourist in Vienna goes through a graveyard and all of a sudden he hears some music. No one is around, so he starts searching for the source. He finally locates the origin and finds it is coming from a grave with a headstone that reads: "Ludwig van Beethoven, 1770-1827." Then he realizes that the music is the Ninth Symphony, and it is being played backward! Puzzled, he leaves the graveyard and persuades a friend to return with him. By the time they arrive back at the grave, the music has changed. This time it is the Seventh Symphony, but like the previous piece, it is being played backward. Curious, the men agree to consult a music scholar. When they return with the expert, the Fifth Symphony is playing, again backward. The expert notices that the symphonies are being played in the reverse order in which they were composed, the 9th, then the 7th, then the 5th. By the next day the word has spread and a throng has gathered around the grave. They are all listening to the Second Symphony being played backward. Just then the graveyard's caretaker ambles up to the group. Someone in the group asks him if he has an explanation for the music. "Don't you get it?" the caretaker says incredulously. "He's decomposing."
A tourist in Vienna goes through a graveyard and all of a sudden he hears some music. No one is around, so he starts searching for the source. He finally locates the origin and finds it is coming from a grave with a headstone that reads: "Ludwig van Beethoven, 1770-1827." Then he realizes that the music is the Ninth Symphony, and it is being played backward! Puzzled, he leaves the graveyard and persuades a friend to return with him. By the time they arrive back at the grave, the music has changed. This time it is the Seventh Symphony, but like the previous piece, it is being played backward. Curious, the men agree to consult a music scholar. When they return with the expert, the Fifth Symphony is playing, again backward. The expert notices that the symphonies are being played in the reverse order in which they were composed, the 9th, then the 7th, then the 5th. By the next day the word has spread and a throng has gathered around the grave. They are all listening to the Second Symphony being played backward. Just then the graveyard's caretaker ambles up to the group. Someone in the group asks him if he has an explanation for the music. "Don't you get it?" the caretaker says incredulously. "He's decomposing."
Joe, a college student, was taking a course in ornithology, the study of birds. The night before the biggest test of the semester, Joe spent all night studying. He had the textbook nearly memorized. He knew his class notes backward and forward. Joe was ready. The morning of the test, Joe entered the auditorium and took a seat in the front row. On the table in the front was a row of ten stuffed birds. Each bird had a sack covering its body, and only the legs were showing. When class started, the professor announced that the students were to identify each bird by looking at its legs and give its common name, species, habitat, mating habits, etc. Joe looked at each of the birds' legs. They all looked the same to him. He started to get angry. He had stayed up all night studying for this test and now he had to identify birds by their LEGS? The more he thought about the situation, the angrier he got. Finally he reached his boiling point. He stood up, marched up to the professor's desk, crumpled up his exam paper and threw it on the desk. "What a ridiculous test!" he told the prof. "How could anyone tell the difference between these birds by looking at their legs? This exam is the biggest rip-off I've ever seen!" With that, Joe turned and stormed toward the exit. The professor was a bit shocked, and it took him a moment to regain his composure. Then, just as Joe was about to walk out the door, the prof shouted out, "Wait a minute, young man, what's your name?" Joe turned around, pulled up his pant legs and hollered, "You tell me, prof! You tell me!"
Joe, a college student, was taking a course in ornithology, the study of birds. The night before the biggest test of the semester, Joe spent all night studying. He had the textbook nearly memorized. He knew his class notes backward and forward. Joe was ready. The morning of the test, Joe entered the auditorium and took a seat in the front row. On the table in the front was a row of ten stuffed birds. Each bird had a sack covering its body, and only the legs were showing. When class started, the professor announced that the students were to identify each bird by looking at its legs and give its common name, species, habitat, mating habits, etc. Joe looked at each of the birds' legs. They all looked the same to him. He started to get angry. He had stayed up all night studying for this test and now he had to identify birds by their LEGS? The more he thought about the situation, the angrier he got. Finally he reached his boiling point. He stood up, marched up to the professor's desk, crumpled up his exam paper and threw it on the desk. "What a ridiculous test!" he told the prof. "How could anyone tell the difference between these birds by looking at their legs? This exam is the biggest rip-off I've ever seen!" With that, Joe turned and stormed toward the exit. The professor was a bit shocked, and it took him a moment to regain his composure. Then, just as Joe was about to walk out the door, the prof shouted out, "Wait a minute, young man, what's your name?" Joe turned around, pulled up his pant legs and hollered, "You tell me, prof! You tell me!"
Q: What do smart Antartians and UFO's have in common? A: You always hear about them, but you never see them.
Q: What do smart Antartians and UFO's have in common? A: You always hear about them, but you never see them.
Q. Why don't Antartians eat M&Ms? A. They're too tough to peel.
Q. Why don't Antartians eat M&Ms? A. They're too tough to peel.
There was a rich man who was approached by a poor beggar asking for food. The rich man asked, "Do you smoke? I could give you some cigarettes." The beggar responded, "No, I don't. I am just hungry and want food." Then the rich man asked, "Do you drink? I have a bottle of good whiskey I could give you." The beggar replied, "No, I don't drink. I am just hungry and need food." Finally the rich man asked, "Do you gamble? I could give you some good tips on the races this weekend." The beggar again replied, "No. I am just hungry and want some food." Finally the rich man said, "Well, in that case, I had better take you to my home." He invited the beggar into his car and drove him to his very substantial home. There, he introduced the beggar to his wife, who asked, "What are you going to do with this man? Are you going to invite him to live with us, eat our food, and wear our clothes?" The man replied, "No, of course not. I just wanted to show you what happens to a man who doesn't smoke, drink or gamble."
There was a rich man who was approached by a poor beggar asking for food. The rich man asked, "Do you smoke? I could give you some cigarettes." The beggar responded, "No, I don't. I am just hungry and want food." Then the rich man asked, "Do you drink? I have a bottle of good whiskey I could give you." The beggar replied, "No, I don't drink. I am just hungry and need food." Finally the rich man asked, "Do you gamble? I could give you some good tips on the races this weekend." The beggar again replied, "No. I am just hungry and want some food." Finally the rich man said, "Well, in that case, I had better take you to my home." He invited the beggar into his car and drove him to his very substantial home. There, he introduced the beggar to his wife, who asked, "What are you going to do with this man? Are you going to invite him to live with us, eat our food, and wear our clothes?" The man replied, "No, of course not. I just wanted to show you what happens to a man who doesn't smoke, drink or gamble."
A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin, 5, Ryan, 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake. Mom saw the opportunity for a moral lesson and said; "If Jesus was sitting here, He would say, "Let my brother have the first pancake. I can wait. "Kevin turned to his younger brother and said, "Ryan, you can have the first chance at being Jesus!" 
A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin, 5, Ryan, 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake. Mom saw the opportunity for a moral lesson and said; "If Jesus was sitting here, He would say, "Let my brother have the first pancake. I can wait. "Kevin turned to his younger brother and said, "Ryan, you can have the first chance at being Jesus!" 
God grant me the Senility to forget the people I never liked anyway, the good fortune to run into the ones I do, and the eyesight to tell the difference...
God grant me the Senility to forget the people I never liked anyway, the good fortune to run into the ones I do, and the eyesight to tell the difference...
Phil: Have you ever suspected your wife of leading a double life? Ralph: You bet. Hers and mine!
A guy is reading his paper when his wife walks up behind him and smacks him on the back of the head with a frying pan. He asks, "What was that for?" She says, "I found a piece of paper in your pocket with 'Betty Sue' written on it." He says, "Jeez, honey, remember last week when I went to the track? 'Betty Sue' was the name of the horse I went there to bet on." She shrugs and walks away. Three days later he's reading his paper when she walks up behind him and smacks him on the back of the head again with the frying pan. He asks, "What was that for?" She answers, "Your horse called."
A guy is reading his paper when his wife walks up behind him and smacks him on the back of the head with a frying pan. He asks, "What was that for?" She says, "I found a piece of paper in your pocket with 'Betty Sue' written on it." He says, "Jeez, honey, remember last week when I went to the track? 'Betty Sue' was the name of the horse I went there to bet on." She shrugs and walks away. Three days later he's reading his paper when she walks up behind him and smacks him on the back of the head again with the frying pan. He asks, "What was that for?" She answers, "Your horse called."
Three guys witness a murder; the only problem is they each say only one thing. The first guy says, "Mememememe." The second guy says, "Forks and knifes." And the third guy says, "Goody, goody gumdrops." When the policeman gets there, he asks, "Who killed this man?" The first guy replies, "Memememememe." Then the policeman asks, "What did you kill him with?" The second guy replies, "Forks and knifes. Forks and knifes." Then the policeman says, "That's it! You're all going to jail." The third guy says, "Goody, goody gumdrops!"
A husband comes home and sees his wife painting the living room, but she had her raincoat and her fur coat on. He asks her why she has her coats on. She replies, "I read the can, and it said for best results put on two coats."
A husband comes home and sees his wife painting the living room, but she had her raincoat and her fur coat on. He asks her why she has her coats on. She replies, "I read the can, and it said for best results put on two coats."
A man wrote a letter to a small hotel in a midwest town he planned to visit on his vacation. He wrote, "I would very much like to bring my dog with me. He is well groomed and very well behaved. Would you be willing to permit me to keep him in my room with me at night?" An immediate reply came from the hotel owner, who said, "I've been operating this hotel for many years. In all that time, I've never had a dog steal towels, bedclothes, silverware or pictures off the walls. I've never had to evict a dog in the middle of the night for being drunk and disorderly. and I've never had a dog run out on a hotel bill. Yes, indeed, your dog is welcome at my hotel. And, if your dog will vouch for you, you're welcome to stay here, too."
A mother mouse and a baby mouse were walking along, when all of a sudden, a cat attacked them. The mother mouse goes, "BARK!" and the cat runs away. "See?" says the mother mouse to her baby. "Now do you see why it's important to learn a foreign language?"
A businessman finds that his neighbor in the first class cabin of his flight is a parrot. They take off and the stewardess asks what they would like to drink. "Glenlivet on the rocks with a twist," says the parrot. The businessman orders a coke. After waiting two or three minutes, the bird starts yelling, "Where's my drink?! Stop fooling around and give me my drink!" The stewardess runs to him with his glass, leaving the businessman still thirsty. Half an hour later the stewardess makes a second round. The bird orders another Glenlivet and a Wall Street Journal. The businessman asks for another coke. Again, after a couple of minutes, the bird screams, squawking, "You lazy idiot! Where is my drink?!" The poor woman nearly trips over herself getting the parrot his drink and the newspaper. The businessman still has nothing, and after ten more minutes decides to take his cue from the bird. "Hey! Where's my coke! The service here stinks!" Out of nowhere the purser, the captain and two passengers grab the businessman and the bird, open the hatch and throw them out of the plane. At 30,000 feet in the air the two fall side by side and the parrot says to the terrified man, "Wow, that took a lot of guts for a guy with no wings."
A businessman finds that his neighbor in the first class cabin of his flight is a parrot. They take off and the stewardess asks what they would like to drink. "Glenlivet on the rocks with a twist," says the parrot. The businessman orders a coke. After waiting two or three minutes, the bird starts yelling, "Where's my drink?! Stop fooling around and give me my drink!" The stewardess runs to him with his glass, leaving the businessman still thirsty. Half an hour later the stewardess makes a second round. The bird orders another Glenlivet and a Wall Street Journal. The businessman asks for another coke. Again, after a couple of minutes, the bird screams, squawking, "You lazy idiot! Where is my drink?!" The poor woman nearly trips over herself getting the parrot his drink and the newspaper. The businessman still has nothing, and after ten more minutes decides to take his cue from the bird. "Hey! Where's my coke! The service here stinks!" Out of nowhere the purser, the captain and two passengers grab the businessman and the bird, open the hatch and throw them out of the plane. At 30,000 feet in the air the two fall side by side and the parrot says to the terrified man, "Wow, that took a lot of guts for a guy with no wings."
A man wrote a letter to a small hotel in a midwest town he planned to visit on his vacation. He wrote, "I would very much like to bring my dog with me. He is well groomed and very well behaved. Would you be willing to permit me to keep him in my room with me at night?" An immediate reply came from the hotel owner, who said, "I've been operating this hotel for many years. In all that time, I've never had a dog steal towels, bedclothes, silverware or pictures off the walls. I've never had to evict a dog in the middle of the night for being drunk and disorderly. and I've never had a dog run out on a hotel bill. Yes, indeed, your dog is welcome at my hotel. And, if your dog will vouch for you, you're welcome to stay here, too."
Q: Why were the Antartian stare at a carton of orange juice? A: Because it said 'Concentrate.' (Get it - concentrate orange juice)
One day an Antartian buys a new Mercedes. She heads out on the freeway to try it out and cruises up to about 100 mph. As she was next to a big truck, she cuts him off. He yells at her to pull over, and, obviously not thinking, she does. He draws a circle on the road with chalk and tells her to stay there. He takes a knife and scratches her car and pops the tires. Then he yells to the Antartian, "How do ya like that?" She answers, "While you weren't looking, I stepped out of the circle three times!"
An Antartian goes into a souvenir shop and asks the man at the counter if he has any alligator skin shoes. The man said, "Yes, right over there on the shelf."  He walks over to the shelf and then back to the counter where the shop owner was sitting and says, "The shoes cost too much." The shop owner says, "Well, go and see if you can find some cheaper." The Antartian leaves the store.  The shop owner, on his way home, notices a dead alligator by the swamp. He pulls over, walks to the swamp and notices the Antartian standing in the middle of the swamp. The man asks him what he is doing in the swamp; about that time the shop owner sees a giant alligator coming up behind the Antartian. The alligator and the man go under the water.   The Antartian comes up and drags the alligator to the shore. He looks at the alligator's feet and says, "This one doesn't have any shoes either."
Three guys witness a murder; the only problem is they each say only one thing. The first guy says, "Mememememe." The second guy says, "Forks and knifes." And the third guy says, "Goody, goody gumdrops." When the policeman gets there, he asks, "Who killed this man?" The first guy replies, "Memememememe." Then the policeman asks, "What did you kill him with?" The second guy replies, "Forks and knifes. Forks and knifes." Then the policeman says, "That's it! You're all going to jail." The third guy says, "Goody, goody gumdrops!"
A New Yorker was forced to take a day off from work to appear for a minor traffic summons. He grew increasingly restless as he waited hour after endless hour for his case to be heard. When his name was called late in the afternoon, he stood before the judge, only to hear that court would be adjourned for the rest of the afternoon and he would have to return the next day. "What for?!?!?" he snapped at the judge. His honor, equally irked by a tedious day and sharp query, roared out loud: "Twenty dollars contempt of court! That's why!" Then, noticing the man checking his wallet, the judge relented: "That's all right. You don't have to pay now." The young man replied, "I know. But I'm just seeing if I have enough for two more words."
A New Yorker was forced to take a day off from work to appear for a minor traffic summons. He grew increasingly restless as he waited hour after endless hour for his case to be heard. When his name was called late in the afternoon, he stood before the judge, only to hear that court would be adjourned for the rest of the afternoon and he would have to return the next day. "What for?!?!?" he snapped at the judge. His honor, equally irked by a tedious day and sharp query, roared out loud: "Twenty dollars contempt of court! That's why!" Then, noticing the man checking his wallet, the judge relented: "That's all right. You don't have to pay now." The young man replied, "I know. But I'm just seeing if I have enough for two more words."
"Cash, check or charge?" the cashier asked after folding items the woman wished to purchase. As the woman fumbled for her wallet, the cashier noticed a remote control for a television set in her purse. "Do you always carry your TV remote?" the cashier asked. "No," she replied. "But my husband refused to come shopping with me, so I figured this was the most evil thing I could do to him."
"Cash, check or charge?" the cashier asked after folding items the woman wished to purchase. As the woman fumbled for her wallet, the cashier noticed a remote control for a television set in her purse. "Do you always carry your TV remote?" the cashier asked. "No," she replied. "But my husband refused to come shopping with me, so I figured this was the most evil thing I could do to him."
Part II WHAT THE NEW JOB-LINGO REALLY MEANS by Dede Molter   "CAREER-MINDED": Female applicants must be childless (and remain that way). "NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE": We've filled the job; our call for resumes is just a legal formality. "SEEKING CANDIDATES WITH A WIDE VARIETY OF EXPERIENCE": You'll need it to replace three people whom just left. "PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS A MUST": You're walking into a company in perpetual chaos. "REQUIRES TEAM LEADERSHIP SKILLS": You'll have the responsibilities of a manager, without the pay or respect. "GOOD COMMUNICATION SKILLS": Management communicates, you listen, figure out what they want and do it.
Part I WHAT THE NEW JOB-LINGO REALLY MEANS by Dede Molter   "JOIN OUR FAST-PACED COMPANY": We have no time to train you. "CASUAL WORK ATMOSPHERE": We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up; well, a couple of the real daring guys wear earrings. "MUST BE DEADLINE ORIENTED": You'll be six months behind schedule on your first day. "SOME OVERTIME REQUIRED": Some time each night and some time each weekend. "DUTIES WILL VARY": Anyone in the office can boss you around. "MUST HAVE AN EYE FOR DETAIL": We have no quality control.
Part I WHAT THE NEW JOB-LINGO REALLY MEANS by Dede Molter   "JOIN OUR FAST-PACED COMPANY": We have no time to train you. "CASUAL WORK ATMOSPHERE": We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up; well, a couple of the real daring guys wear earrings. "MUST BE DEADLINE ORIENTED": You'll be six months behind schedule on your first day. "SOME OVERTIME REQUIRED": Some time each night and some time each weekend. "DUTIES WILL VARY": Anyone in the office can boss you around. "MUST HAVE AN EYE FOR DETAIL": We have no quality control.
One day a man walked into a bar with a peanut and a banjo. He set the banjo on the table and the banjo said, "Give me your strongest bottle of tequila." "Wow, can I buy that banjo from you?" The bartender said. "Well, sure, but it has to be around two thousand dollars." The man sold the banjo and the man next to him said, "You, idiot, you could have gotten millions!" "No I couldn't, it was actually my ventriloquist peanut that said that!"
A grizzled old man was eating in a truck stop when three very large, heavy set bikers walked in. The first walked up to the old man, pushed his cigarette into the old man's pie and then took a seat at the counter. The second walked up to the old man, spat into the old man's milk and then he too took a seat at the counter. The third walked up to the old man, turned over the old man's plate, and then he took a seat at the counter.  Without a word of protest, the old man quietly left the diner. Shortly thereafter, one of the bikers said to the waitress, "Humph, not much of a man, was he?"  The waitress replied, "Not much of a truck driver either, he just backed his big truck over three motorcycles."
Two boy scouts went on a nature hike in the hills picking hickory nuts. Along the way, they filled their small pails and then started to fill their pockets and shirts. When they could hold no more nuts, they started down the country road until they came across a cemetery. The boys decided that would be a good place to stop and rest and divide out the nuts. The two boys sat in the shade of a large oak tree and unloaded their pockets and buckets by dumping all of the nuts in a large pile. In the process, two of them rolled away and rested near the road. The boys then proceeded to divide out the nuts. "One for you. One for me. One for you. One for me." As they were doing this, another boy was passing by and happened to hear them. He looked into the cemetery, but could not see the boys, because they were obscured by the tree. He hesitated a moment and then ran back to town. "Father! Father!" he yelled as he entered his house. "The cemetery. Come quick!" "What's the matter?" his father asked. "No time to explain," the boy frantically panted. "Follow me!" The boy and his father ran up the country road and stopped when they reached the cemetery. They stopped at the side of the road and all fell silent for a few moments. Then the father asked his son what was wrong. "Do you hear that?" he whispered. Both people listened intently and heard the Scouts. "One for me. One for you. One for me. One for you..." The boy then blurted out, "The devil and the Lord are dividing the souls!" The father was skeptical but silent -- until a few moments later as the Scouts completed dividing out the nuts and one Scout said to the other, "Now, as soon as we get those two nuts down by the road, we'll have them all."
Two boy scouts went on a nature hike in the hills picking hickory nuts. Along the way, they filled their small pails and then started to fill their pockets and shirts. When they could hold no more nuts, they started down the country road until they came across a cemetery. The boys decided that would be a good place to stop and rest and divide out the nuts. The two boys sat in the shade of a large oak tree and unloaded their pockets and buckets by dumping all of the nuts in a large pile. In the process, two of them rolled away and rested near the road. The boys then proceeded to divide out the nuts. "One for you. One for me. One for you. One for me." As they were doing this, another boy was passing by and happened to hear them. He looked into the cemetery, but could not see the boys, because they were obscured by the tree. He hesitated a moment and then ran back to town. "Father! Father!" he yelled as he entered his house. "The cemetery. Come quick!" "What's the matter?" his father asked. "No time to explain," the boy frantically panted. "Follow me!" The boy and his father ran up the country road and stopped when they reached the cemetery. They stopped at the side of the road and all fell silent for a few moments. Then the father asked his son what was wrong. "Do you hear that?" he whispered. Both people listened intently and heard the Scouts. "One for me. One for you. One for me. One for you..." The boy then blurted out, "The devil and the Lord are dividing the souls!" The father was skeptical but silent -- until a few moments later as the Scouts completed dividing out the nuts and one Scout said to the other, "Now, as soon as we get those two nuts down by the road, we'll have them all."
Part II WHAT THE NEW JOB-LINGO REALLY MEANS by Dede Molter   "CAREER-MINDED": Female applicants must be childless (and remain that way). "NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE": We've filled the job; our call for resumes is just a legal formality. "SEEKING CANDIDATES WITH A WIDE VARIETY OF EXPERIENCE": You'll need it to replace three people whom just left. "PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS A MUST": You're walking into a company in perpetual chaos. "REQUIRES TEAM LEADERSHIP SKILLS": You'll have the responsibilities of a manager, without the pay or respect. "GOOD COMMUNICATION SKILLS": Management communicates, you listen, figure out what they want and do it.
Two guys were riding in a car, arguing about how to say the name of the city that they were in. One said "Louieville" and the other "Louiseville." They went on arguing and arguing, until they came upon a fast-food restaurant. The one guy goes inside and says to the waitress, "Tell me the name of the place where I am right now really, really, really slowly." The waitress goes, "Bur-ger-King."
"How on earth can you see the TV sitting so far back?" "Yeah, I used to skip school a lot, too." "Just leave all the lights on...it makes the house look more cheery." "Let me smell that shirt -- Yeah, it's good for another week." "Go ahead and keep that stray dog, honey. I'll be glad to feed and walk him every day." "Well, if Timmy's mom says it's OK, that's good enough for me." "The curfew is just a general time to shoot for. It's not like I'm running a prison around here." "I don't have a tissue with me...just use your sleeve." "Don't bother wearing a jacket -- the wind-chill is bound to improve." "Sure you can go joyriding with Evan. He's only had one major accident." "Don't bother cleaning your room, I bought a second set of dishes."
"How on earth can you see the TV sitting so far back?" "Yeah, I used to skip school a lot, too." "Just leave all the lights on...it makes the house look more cheery." "Let me smell that shirt -- Yeah, it's good for another week." "Go ahead and keep that stray dog, honey. I'll be glad to feed and walk him every day." "Well, if Timmy's mom says it's OK, that's good enough for me." "The curfew is just a general time to shoot for. It's not like I'm running a prison around here." "I don't have a tissue with me...just use your sleeve." "Don't bother wearing a jacket -- the wind-chill is bound to improve." "Sure you can go joyriding with Evan. He's only had one major accident." "Don't bother cleaning your room, I bought a second set of dishes."
A guy goes to a girl's house for the first time, and she shows him into the living room. She excuses herself to go to the kitchen to make them a few drinks, and as he's standing there alone, he notices a cute little vase on the mantel. He picks it up, and as he's looking at it, she walks back in. He says "What's this?" She says, "Oh, my father's ashes are in there." He goes, "Geez...oooh....I..." She says, "Yeah, he's too lazy to go to the kitchen to get an ashtray."
If Restaurants Functioned Like ... Patron: Waiter! Waiter: Hi, my name is Bill, and I'll be your Support. Waiter. What seems to be the problem? Patron: There's a fly in my soup! Waiter: Try again, maybe the fly won't be there this time. Patron: No, it's still there. Waiter: Maybe it's the way you're using the soup. Try eating it with a fork instead. Patron: Even when I use the fork, the fly is still there. Waiter: Maybe the soup is incompatible with the bowl. What kind of bowl are you using? Patron: A SOUP bowl! Waiter: Hmmm, that should work. Maybe it's a configuration problem. How was the bowl set up? Patron: You brought it to me on a saucer. What has that to do with the fly in my soup?! Waiter: Can you remember everything you did before you noticed the fly in your soup? Patron: I sat down and ordered the Soup of the Day! Waiter: Have you considered upgrading to the latest Soup of the Day? Patron: You have more than one Soup of the Day each day?? Waiter: Yes, the Soup of the Day changes every hour. Patron: Well, what is the Soup of the Day now? Waiter: The current Soup of the Day is tomato. Patron: Fine. Bring me the tomato soup and the check. I'm running late now. (waiter leaves and returns with another bowl of soup and the check) Waiter: Here you are, Sir, the soup and your check. Patron: This is potato soup. Waiter: Yes, the tomato soup wasn't ready yet. Patron: Well, I'm so hungry now, I'll eat anything. (waiter leaves.) Patron: Waiter! There's a gnat in my soup! The check: Soup of the Day . . . . . . . . . . . . .$5.00 Fly Feature. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  no charge Upgrade to newer Soup of the Day. . . .$2.50 Access to support . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1.00
A kid was home alone when the phone rang. He picked it up and heard, "Bloody fingers two houses away." The kid ran up to his room. The phone rang again, and the kid picked it up and heard, "Bloody fingers next door." This time the kid ran up to his room and got under the covers of his bed. The doorbell rang, the kid opened the door, and the man at the door said, "Hey! Got a Band-Aid?"
Question: What do you call a dog with no front or back legs? Answer: He's not going to come -- why waste your time?
Two guys were riding in a car, arguing about how to say the name of the city that they were in. One said "Louieville" and the other "Louiseville." They went on arguing and arguing, until they came upon a fast-food restaurant. The one guy goes inside and says to the waitress, "Tell me the name of the place where I am right now really, really, really slowly." The waitress goes, "Bur-ger-King."
Years ago, the Seattle Symphony was doing Beethoven's Ninth under the baton of Milton Katims. At this point, you must understand two things: 1. There's a long segment in this symphony where the bass violins don't have a thing to do. Nothing. Not a single note for page after page; 2. There used to be a tavern called Dez's 400 right across the street from the Seattle Opera House, favored by local musicians. It was decided that during this performance, after the bass players had played their parts they'd quietly lay down their instruments and leave the stage rather than sit on their stools looking (and feeling) dumb for twenty minutes. Well, once they got backstage, someone suggested that they trot across the street and have a few brews. After they had downed the first couple rounds, one said, "Shouldn't we be getting back? It'd be awfully embarrassing if we were late." Another, presumably the one who suggested this excursion in the first place, replied, "Oh, I anticipated we could use a little more time, so I tied a string around the last pages of the conductor's score. When he gets down to there, Milton's going to have to slow the tempo way down while he waves the baton with one hand and fumbles with the string with the other." So they had another round and finally returned to the Opera House, a little tipsy by now. However, as they came back on stage, one look at their conductor's face told them they were in serious trouble. Katims was furious! And why not? After all (get ready, here it comes...) It was the bottom of the Ninth, the score was tied, and the basses were loaded.
Q: What's got four legs and no ears? A: Mike Tyson's dog.
There were three tomatoes: a mum, a dad and a son. The son lagged behind and fell splat on the floor. His dad yelled to him, "Ketchup, son."
Did you know that "verb" is a noun?  If two mouses are mice and two louses are lice, why aren't two houses hice?  Why is the plural of goose-geese, and not the plural of moose-meese? 
A guy goes to a girl's house for the first time, and she shows him into the living room. She excuses herself to go to the kitchen to make them a few drinks, and as he's standing there alone, he notices a cute little vase on the mantel. He picks it up, and as he's looking at it, she walks back in. He says "What's this?" She says, "Oh, my father's ashes are in there." He goes, "Geez...oooh....I..." She says, "Yeah, he's too lazy to go to the kitchen to get an ashtray."
In the front yard of a funeral home, "Drive carefully, we'll wait." In a nonsmoking area, "If we see you smoking, we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action." On a maternity room door, "Push, Push, Push." On a front door, "Everyone on the premises is a vegetarian except the dog." At an optometrist's office, "If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place." On a taxidermist's window, "We really know our stuff." On a butcher's window, "Let me meat your needs." On a fence, "Salesmen welcome. Dog food is expensive." At a car dealership, "The best way to get back on your feet -- miss a car payment." Outside a muffler shop, "No appointment necessary. We'll hear you coming." On a desk in a reception room, "We shoot every 3rd salesman, and the 2nd one just left." In a veterinarian's waiting room, "Be back in 5 minutes. Sit! Stay!" In a Beauty Shop, "Dye now!" On the side of a garbage truck, "We've got what it takes to take what you've got." (Burglars please copy.) In a restaurant window, "Don't stand there and be hungry, come in and get fed up." Inside a bowling alley, "Please be quiet. We need to hear a pin drop." In a cafeteria, "Shoes are required to eat in the cafeteria. Socks can eat any place they want."
In the front yard of a funeral home, "Drive carefully, we'll wait." In a nonsmoking area, "If we see you smoking, we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action." On a maternity room door, "Push, Push, Push." On a front door, "Everyone on the premises is a vegetarian except the dog." At an optometrist's office, "If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place." On a taxidermist's window, "We really know our stuff." On a butcher's window, "Let me meat your needs." On a fence, "Salesmen welcome. Dog food is expensive." At a car dealership, "The best way to get back on your feet -- miss a car payment." Outside a muffler shop, "No appointment necessary. We'll hear you coming." On a desk in a reception room, "We shoot every 3rd salesman, and the 2nd one just left." In a veterinarian's waiting room, "Be back in 5 minutes. Sit! Stay!" In a Beauty Shop, "Dye now!" On the side of a garbage truck, "We've got what it takes to take what you've got." (Burglars please copy.) In a restaurant window, "Don't stand there and be hungry, come in and get fed up." Inside a bowling alley, "Please be quiet. We need to hear a pin drop." In a cafeteria, "Shoes are required to eat in the cafeteria. Socks can eat any place they want."
Years ago, the Seattle Symphony was doing Beethoven's Ninth under the baton of Milton Katims. At this point, you must understand two things: 1. There's a long segment in this symphony where the bass violins don't have a thing to do. Nothing. Not a single note for page after page; 2. There used to be a tavern called Dez's 400 right across the street from the Seattle Opera House, favored by local musicians. It was decided that during this performance, after the bass players had played their parts they'd quietly lay down their instruments and leave the stage rather than sit on their stools looking (and feeling) dumb for twenty minutes. Well, once they got backstage, someone suggested that they trot across the street and have a few brews. After they had downed the first couple rounds, one said, "Shouldn't we be getting back? It'd be awfully embarrassing if we were late." Another, presumably the one who suggested this excursion in the first place, replied, "Oh, I anticipated we could use a little more time, so I tied a string around the last pages of the conductor's score. When he gets down to there, Milton's going to have to slow the tempo way down while he waves the baton with one hand and fumbles with the string with the other." So they had another round and finally returned to the Opera House, a little tipsy by now. However, as they came back on stage, one look at their conductor's face told them they were in serious trouble. Katims was furious! And why not? After all (get ready, here it comes...) It was the bottom of the Ninth, the score was tied, and the basses were loaded.
Q: What did the cook say to the dough? A: I "NEED" you!
Q: What did the cook say to the dough? A: I "NEED" you!
Q: What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is 24 hours a day/seven days a week? A: A widow.
Teacher: "Lean, how old were you on your very last birthday?" Lean: "Seven." Teacher: "Then how old will you be on your next birthday?" Lean: "Nine." Teacher: "That's impossible!" Lean: "No, teacher, I'm 8 today!"
Q. How do you confuse an antarctian? A. Bleeble!
Q: At what kind of math is a crazy man best? A: MANTAL math.
Q: What kind of a car does a crazy man drive? A: A LOCOmotive.
One man asked a schoolboy, "How old is your father?" The boy replied, "He is 8 years old." Man: "What?" Boy: "Because he became a father when I was born 8 years ago."
One man asked a schoolboy, "How old is your father?" The boy replied, "He is 8 years old." Man: "What?" Boy: "Because he became a father when I was born 8 years ago."
Question: What goes up and never comes down? Answer: Up
Question: Why did the teacher wear sunglasses in class? Answer: Because he was trying to see if his son was in his class.
Martin asked David, "In which state does the Ohio River run?" David answered with cool, "In the liquid state."
Martin asked David, "In which state does the Ohio River run?" David answered with cool, "In the liquid state."
Q: What do you call a blind deer? A: A no-eyed deer (say it out loud)  Q: What do you call a blind deer with no legs? A: A still no-eyed deer.
Q: What do you call a blind deer? A: A no-eyed deer (say it out loud)  Q: What do you call a blind deer with no legs? A: A still no-eyed deer.
Q:  What did the football say to the football player? A:  I get a kick out of you.   Q:  Which two words have the most letters in them? A:  Post office.
Q:  What did the football say to the football player? A:  I get a kick out of you.   Q:  Which two words have the most letters in them? A:  Post office.
Two cats want to cross the river. One is named one-two-three, the other is named un-deux-trois. Who made it across the river first? One-two-three did. Un-deux-trois cat sank.
Two cats want to cross the river. One is named one-two-three, the other is named un-deux-trois. Who made it across the river first? One-two-three did. Un-deux-trois cat sank.
The two inventors of the bungee rope went to Spain to test their invention. They built a 50-foot tower and, once completed, one of the guys stood on the edge of the platform and dove into the air with the rope tied to his feet. The other guy, standing up on the platform, waited until his friend returned up so that he could grab him. The first time his friend sprung up, he tried to grab him but missed and noticed that his head was swollen. The next time, he missed again and again there was a bruise on his head and face. This time, with much concern, he dove forward to get his partner, pulled him in and asked, "What happened? Is the cord too long?" His partner replied with his face all bloody, "What is piñata?"
An old county doctor went way out to the boondocks to deliver a baby. It was so far out that there was no electricity.  When the doctor arrived, no one was home except for the laboring mother and her 5 year old child. The doctor instructed the child to hold a lantern high so he could see while he helped the woman deliver the baby.  The child did so, the mother pushed, and after a little while, the doctor lifted the new born baby by the feet and spanked him on the bottom to get him to take his first breath.  "Hit him again," the child said. "He shouldn't have crawled up there in the first place!!"
An old county doctor went way out to the boondocks to deliver a baby. It was so far out that there was no electricity.  When the doctor arrived, no one was home except for the laboring mother and her 5 year old child. The doctor instructed the child to hold a lantern high so he could see while he helped the woman deliver the baby.  The child did so, the mother pushed, and after a little while, the doctor lifted the new born baby by the feet and spanked him on the bottom to get him to take his first breath.  "Hit him again," the child said. "He shouldn't have crawled up there in the first place!!"
Q:  What do you get when you cross a perm with a rabbit? A:  Curly hare.
Q:  What do you get when you cross a perm with a rabbit? A:  Curly hare.
Q:  What do you call cheese that's not yours? A: Nacho cheese! 
Q:  Why do shoemakers go to heaven? A:  Because they have good soles.   Q:  Why do bikes have kick-stands? A:  Because they're two-tired.
Q:  Why do shoemakers go to heaven? A:  Because they have good soles.   Q:  Why do bikes have kick-stands? A:  Because they're two-tired.
A guy comes in to a bar and orders a double whiskey.  He drinks it and looks in his pocket. Then he orders another one, drinks it and looks in his pocket again. This is repeated a dozen times before the bartender asks him what he is doing. He replies, "In my pocket I have a picture of my wife.  When she gets good looking, I quit drinking..."
There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
A hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat. He came across two men. One was sitting under a tree reading a book; the other was typing away on his typewriter. The lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him. Even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest, and writers cramp.
A hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat. He came across two men. One was sitting under a tree reading a book; the other was typing away on his typewriter. The lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him. Even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest, and writers cramp.
Why do birds fly south? Because it's too far to walk. What did the broom say to the mop? Duh! Brooms can't talk!
Q:  Why don't you wear snow boots? A:  Because they'll melt.
Q:  Why don't you wear snow boots? A:  Because they'll melt.
A woman has twins, and gives them up for adoption. One of them goes to a family in Egypt and is named "Amal." The other goes to a family in Spain; they name him "Juan." Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his mom. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Amal. Her husband responds, "But they are twins - if you've seen Juan, you've seen Amal."
A doctor made it his regular habit to stop off at a bar for a hazelnut daiquiri on his way home. The bartender knew of his habit, and would always have the drink waiting at precisely 5:03 p.m. One afternoon, as the end of the work day approached, the bartender was dismayed to find that he was out of hazelnut extract. Thinking quickly, he threw together a daiquiri made with hickory nuts and set it on the bar. The doctor came in at his regular time, took one sip of the drink and exclaimed, "This isn't a hazelnut daiquiri!" "No, I'm sorry, "replied the bartender, "it's a hickory daiquiri, Doc."
A doctor made it his regular habit to stop off at a bar for a hazelnut daiquiri on his way home. The bartender knew of his habit, and would always have the drink waiting at precisely 5:03 p.m. One afternoon, as the end of the work day approached, the bartender was dismayed to find that he was out of hazelnut extract. Thinking quickly, he threw together a daiquiri made with hickory nuts and set it on the bar. The doctor came in at his regular time, took one sip of the drink and exclaimed, "This isn't a hazelnut daiquiri!" "No, I'm sorry, "replied the bartender, "it's a hickory daiquiri, Doc."
When she told me I was average, she was just being mean.
When she told me I was average, she was just being mean.
This guy goes into a restaurant for a Christmas breakfast while in his home town for the holidays. After looking over the menu he says, "I'll just have the eggs Benedict."   His order comes a while later and it's served on a big, shiny hubcap. He asks the waiter, "What's with the hubcap?"   The waiter sings, "Oh, there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise!"
Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina. One went to Hollywood and became a famous actor. The other stayed behind in the cotton fields and never amounted to much.   The second one, naturally, became known as the lesser of two weevils.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when they lit a fire in the craft, it sank - proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and  heat it, too.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when they lit a fire in the craft, it sank - proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and  heat it, too.
There were two guys working for the city. One would dig a hole -- he would dig, dig, dig. The other would come behind him and fill the hole -- fill, fill, fill. These two men worked furiously; one digging a hole, the other filling it up again. A man was watching from the sidewalk and couldn't believe how hard these men were working, but couldn't understand what they were doing. Finally he had to ask them. He said to the hole digger, "I appreciate how hard you work, but what are you doing? You dig a hole and your partner comes behind you and fills it up again!" The hole digger replied, "Oh yeah, must look funny, but the guy who plants the trees is sick today."
There were two guys working for the city. One would dig a hole -- he would dig, dig, dig. The other would come behind him and fill the hole -- fill, fill, fill. These two men worked furiously; one digging a hole, the other filling it up again. A man was watching from the sidewalk and couldn't believe how hard these men were working, but couldn't understand what they were doing. Finally he had to ask them. He said to the hole digger, "I appreciate how hard you work, but what are you doing? You dig a hole and your partner comes behind you and fills it up again!" The hole digger replied, "Oh yeah, must look funny, but the guy who plants the trees is sick today."
Q:  How do you confuse antartican?  A:  Put him in a circled room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Q:  How do you confuse antartican?  A:  Put him in a circled room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Q: What do you call Beethoven's skeleton sitting in a cave erasing symphonies? A: Decomposing.
Two antarcticans were walking in the woods when they came upon some tracks.    The first said, "You know, those look like deer tracks." The other said, "No, silly, those are moose tracks." They were still arguing about it when a train hit them.
Two antarcticans were walking in the woods when they came upon some tracks.    The first said, "You know, those look like deer tracks." The other said, "No, silly, those are moose tracks." They were still arguing about it when a train hit them.
An antarctican goes into a restaurant, buys a coffee and sits down to drink it. She looks on the side of her cup and finds a peel-off prize. She pulls off the tab and yells, "I WON! I WON! I WON a motor home! I WON a motor home!" The waitress runs over and says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize given away was a mini van!" The antarctican replies, "No. I WON A motor home, I WON a motor home!" By this time the manager makes his way over to the table and says, "You couldn't possibly have won a motor homes because we didn't have that as a prize!"  Again the antarctican says, "No, no mistake, I WON a motor home, I WON a motor home!" She hands the prize ticket to the manager and he reads, "WIN A BAGEL."
An antarctican goes into a restaurant, buys a coffee and sits down to drink it. She looks on the side of her cup and finds a peel-off prize. She pulls off the tab and yells, "I WON! I WON! I WON a motor home! I WON a motor home!" The waitress runs over and says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize given away was a mini van!" The antarctican replies, "No. I WON A motor home, I WON a motor home!" By this time the manager makes his way over to the table and says, "You couldn't possibly have won a motor homes because we didn't have that as a prize!"  Again the antarctican says, "No, no mistake, I WON a motor home, I WON a motor home!" She hands the prize ticket to the manager and he reads, "WIN A BAGEL."
An Antartican suddenly realizes his house is on fire. He immediately dials 9-1-1. The fireman answers, "Yes may I help you?" The Antartican replies, "My house is on fire, come quick!!!" The fireman asks, "How do we get there?" The Antartican says, "Duh, big red truck!"
An Antartican suddenly realizes his house is on fire. He immediately dials 9-1-1. The fireman answers, "Yes may I help you?" The Antartican replies, "My house is on fire, come quick!!!" The fireman asks, "How do we get there?" The Antartican says, "Duh, big red truck!"
Our staff has completed the 18 months of work on time and on budget. We have gone through every line of code in every program in every system. We have analyzed all databases, all data files, including backups and historic archives, and modified all data to reflect the change. We are proud to report that we have completed the "Y-to-K" date change mission, and have now implemented all changes to all programs and all data to reflect your new standards: Januark, Februark, March, April, Mak, June, Julk, August, September, October, November, December As well as: Sundak, Mondak, Tuesdak, Wednesdak, Thursdak, Fridak, Saturdak I trust that this is satisfactory, because to be honest, none of this Y to K problem has made any sense to me. But I understand it is a globalproblem, and our team is glad to help in any way possible. And what does the year 2000 have to do with it? Speaking of which, what do you think We ought to do next year when the two digit year rolls over from 99 to 00? We'll await your direction.
This snail crawls up to this bar as it was closing. The snail pounds and pounds on the door until the bartender finally opens the door. The bartender looks around and sees nothing until the snail demands a beer. The bartender looks down and sees him, but replies, "Hey, we're closed now and besides we don't serve snails!" and proceeds to slam the door. The snail again pounds on the door. The bartender becomes so frustrated that he opens the door again and kicks the snail away. A year later as the bartender was about to close again, he hears a pounding on the door again. He opens the door and looks down to see the same snail again. The snail looked up and replies, "What'd you do that for?"
A neutron walks into a bar. "I'd like a beer," he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer. "How much will that be?" asks the neutron. "For you?" replies the bartender, "no charge
A neutron walks into a bar. "I'd like a beer," he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer. "How much will that be?" asks the neutron. "For you?" replies the bartender, "no charge
A skeleton walks into a bar, "I want a beer and a mop."
A crying, three-legged dog walks into a bar and says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
A crying, three-legged dog walks into a bar and says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
Two vampires walked into a bar and called for the bartender. "I'll have a glass of blood," said one. "I'll have a glass of plasma," said the other. "Okay," replied the bartender, "that'll be one blood and one blood-lite."
This snail crawls up to this bar as it was closing. The snail pounds and pounds on the door until the bartender finally opens the door. The bartender looks around and sees nothing until the snail demands a beer. The bartender looks down and sees him, but replies, "Hey, we're closed now and besides we don't serve snails!" and proceeds to slam the door. The snail again pounds on the door. The bartender becomes so frustrated that he opens the door again and kicks the snail away. A year later as the bartender was about to close again, he hears a pounding on the door again. He opens the door and looks down to see the same snail again. The snail looked up and replies, "What'd you do that for?"
Our staff has completed the 18 months of work on time and on budget. We have gone through every line of code in every program in every system. We have analyzed all databases, all data files, including backups and historic archives, and modified all data to reflect the change. We are proud to report that we have completed the "Y-to-K" date change mission, and have now implemented all changes to all programs and all data to reflect your new standards: Januark, Februark, March, April, Mak, June, Julk, August, September, October, November, December As well as: Sundak, Mondak, Tuesdak, Wednesdak, Thursdak, Fridak, Saturdak I trust that this is satisfactory, because to be honest, none of this Y to K problem has made any sense to me. But I understand it is a globalproblem, and our team is glad to help in any way possible. And what does the year 2000 have to do with it? Speaking of which, what do you think We ought to do next year when the two digit year rolls over from 99 to 00? We'll await your direction.
A mother was talking to her three year-old daughter about animals. The mother asked, "How does the cow sound?" The three year old said, "Moo!" The mother asked, "How does a duck sound?" The three year old answered,"Quack!" The mother asked, "How does a frog sound?" The three year old said, "Bud!!!"
Two peanuts walked into a bar, and one was a-salted.
Two peanuts walked into a bar, and one was a-salted.
A skeleton walks into a bar, "I want a beer and a mop."
A pony walks into a bar and asks, "Bartender, may I have a drink?" Bartender says, "What? I can't hear you. Speak up!" "May I please have a drink?" asks the pony. "What? You have to speak up!" the bartender says. "Could I please have a drink?" "Now listen, if you don't speak up I will not serve you," the bartender says. "I'm sorry," the pony adds, "I'm just a little hoarse."
A pony walks into a bar and asks, "Bartender, may I have a drink?" Bartender says, "What? I can't hear you. Speak up!" "May I please have a drink?" asks the pony. "What? You have to speak up!" the bartender says. "Could I please have a drink?" "Now listen, if you don't speak up I will not serve you," the bartender says. "I'm sorry," the pony adds, "I'm just a little hoarse."
A chicken walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve poultry!" The chicken says, "That's OK, I just want a drink."
A chicken walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve poultry!" The chicken says, "That's OK, I just want a drink."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a shot of whisky. He gulps it down and peeks into his shirt pocket. He orders another shot of whisky, gulps it down and peeks into his short pocket. He orders a third shot and does the same thing. After the sixth shot, he asks the bartender for the bill, pays and starts to walk out. Curiosity gets the better of the bartender and he says to the guy, "Excuse me, but I noticed that every time you drank a shot, you kept looking into your pocket. I was wondering what's in your pocket." The guy slurs, "Well, I have a picture of my wife in my pocket. I keep drinking until she starts to look good."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a shot of whisky. He gulps it down and peeks into his shirt pocket. He orders another shot of whisky, gulps it down and peeks into his short pocket. He orders a third shot and does the same thing. After the sixth shot, he asks the bartender for the bill, pays and starts to walk out. Curiosity gets the better of the bartender and he says to the guy, "Excuse me, but I noticed that every time you drank a shot, you kept looking into your pocket. I was wondering what's in your pocket." The guy slurs, "Well, I have a picture of my wife in my pocket. I keep drinking until she starts to look good."
A five-dollar bill walks into a bar. Bartender says, "Get outta here! We don't serve your type. This is a singles bar."
A five-dollar bill walks into a bar. Bartender says, "Get outta here! We don't serve your type. This is a singles bar."
Why did the Antarctican get on the roof of the bar? She heard drinks were on the house.
Why did the Antarctican get on the roof of the bar? She heard drinks were on the house.
An obnoxious drunk stumbles into the front door of a bar and orders a drink, the bartender says, "No way, buddy, you're too drunk." A few minutes later, the drunk comes in though the bathroom. Again he slurs, "Give me a drink," and the bartender says, "No, man, I told you last time -- you're too drunk" Five minutes later the guy comes in though the back door and orders a drink, again the bartender says, "You're too drunk" The drunk scratches his head and says "Dang, I must be. The last two places said the same thing."
An obnoxious drunk stumbles into the front door of a bar and orders a drink, the bartender says, "No way, buddy, you're too drunk." A few minutes later, the drunk comes in though the bathroom. Again he slurs, "Give me a drink," and the bartender says, "No, man, I told you last time -- you're too drunk" Five minutes later the guy comes in though the back door and orders a drink, again the bartender says, "You're too drunk" The drunk scratches his head and says "Dang, I must be. The last two places said the same thing."
Two piggies walk into a bar, get drunk and ask, "Where's the bathroom?" The bartender points to the door and they rush in. Two more piggies walk into a bar. They soon get drunk and they ask, "Where's the bathroom?" The bartender points to the door and they rush in. One piggy walks into a bar. He gets drunk out of his mind and then heads for the exit. "Hey, buddy! Do you want know where the bathroom is?" asks the bartender. "No thanks," the piggy slurs, "I always go WEEWEEWEE all the way home!"
Two piggies walk into a bar, get drunk and ask, "Where's the bathroom?" The bartender points to the door and they rush in. Two more piggies walk into a bar. They soon get drunk and they ask, "Where's the bathroom?" The bartender points to the door and they rush in. One piggy walks into a bar. He gets drunk out of his mind and then heads for the exit. "Hey, buddy! Do you want know where the bathroom is?" asks the bartender. "No thanks," the piggy slurs, "I always go WEEWEEWEE all the way home!"
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None. They tell software to code around it.
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None. They tell software to code around it.
How many optimists does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. They're convinced that the power will come back on soon.
How many optimists does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. They're convinced that the power will come back on soon.
This Russian guy loses his pet parrot. He looks everywhere, all around the neighborhood, in the park, everywhere. He can't find the parrot. Finally he goes around to the KGB office and tells the desk officer his problem. The officer's a little puzzled. "Look, bud, I'm sorry you lost your bird, but this is the KGB. We don't handle missing animal reports." "Oh, I know that," says the guy. "I just wanted you to know, if you find my parrot -- I don't know where he could have picked up all his political ideas."
This Russian guy loses his pet parrot. He looks everywhere, all around the neighborhood, in the park, everywhere. He can't find the parrot. Finally he goes around to the KGB office and tells the desk officer his problem. The officer's a little puzzled. "Look, bud, I'm sorry you lost your bird, but this is the KGB. We don't handle missing animal reports." "Oh, I know that," says the guy. "I just wanted you to know, if you find my parrot -- I don't know where he could have picked up all his political ideas."
The Captain called the Sergeant in. "Sarge, I just got a telegram. Private Jones' mother died yesterday. Better go tell him and send him in to see me." So the Sergeant calls for his morning formation and lines up all the troops. "Listen up, men," says the Sergeant. "Johnson, report to the mess hall for KP. Smith, report to Personnel to sign some papers. The rest of you men report to the Motor Pool for maintenance. Oh by the way, Jones, your mother died, report to the commander." Later that day the Captain called the Sergeant into his office. "Hey, Sarge, that was a pretty cold way to inform Jones his mother died. Couldn't you be a bit more tactful, next time?" "Yes, sir," answered the Sarge. A few months later, the Captain called the Sergeant in again with, "Sarge, I just got a telegram. Private McGrath's mother died. You'd better go tell him and send him in to see me. This time be more tactful." So the Sergeant calls for his morning formation. "Ok, men, fall in and listen up. Everybody with a mother, take two steps forward -- NOT SO FAST, McGRATH!"
The Captain called the Sergeant in. "Sarge, I just got a telegram. Private Jones' mother died yesterday. Better go tell him and send him in to see me." So the Sergeant calls for his morning formation and lines up all the troops. "Listen up, men," says the Sergeant. "Johnson, report to the mess hall for KP. Smith, report to Personnel to sign some papers. The rest of you men report to the Motor Pool for maintenance. Oh by the way, Jones, your mother died, report to the commander." Later that day the Captain called the Sergeant into his office. "Hey, Sarge, that was a pretty cold way to inform Jones his mother died. Couldn't you be a bit more tactful, next time?" "Yes, sir," answered the Sarge. A few months later, the Captain called the Sergeant in again with, "Sarge, I just got a telegram. Private McGrath's mother died. You'd better go tell him and send him in to see me. This time be more tactful." So the Sergeant calls for his morning formation. "Ok, men, fall in and listen up. Everybody with a mother, take two steps forward -- NOT SO FAST, McGRATH!"
John was driving his pickup down a country lane when suddenly a chicken darts out into the road in front of him. He's just about to slam on his brakes to avoid the chicken when he realizes that the chicken has sped on ahead doing about 30 miles per hour. Amazed, he sped up to follow, but the chicken takes off faster and faster. Finally the chicken screeches into a turn and goes into a small farm. As he turns to follow, John notices that the chicken has three legs. He pulls to a stop in front of the farmhouse, and looking around, notices that ALL the chickens have three legs. He says to the farmer, "Three-legged chickens? That's astounding!" The farmer replies, "Yep, I bred 'em that way -- I love drumsticks." John: "Well, tell me, how does a three-legged chicken taste?" Farmer: "Dunno, haven't been able to catch one yet."
John was driving his pickup down a country lane when suddenly a chicken darts out into the road in front of him. He's just about to slam on his brakes to avoid the chicken when he realizes that the chicken has sped on ahead doing about 30 miles per hour. Amazed, he sped up to follow, but the chicken takes off faster and faster. Finally the chicken screeches into a turn and goes into a small farm. As he turns to follow, John notices that the chicken has three legs. He pulls to a stop in front of the farmhouse, and looking around, notices that ALL the chickens have three legs. He says to the farmer, "Three-legged chickens? That's astounding!" The farmer replies, "Yep, I bred 'em that way -- I love drumsticks." John: "Well, tell me, how does a three-legged chicken taste?" Farmer: "Dunno, haven't been able to catch one yet."
Two women, who are dog owners, are arguing which dog is smarter. First woman: My dog is so smart. Every morning he waits for the paperboy to come around and then he takes a newspaper and brings it to me. Second woman: I know. First one: How? Second one: My dog told me.
A man walks into a palm reader store and asks the reader, "Could you read my palm?" He shows his hand to her, and she says, "But...I can't read your hand." "Why?" the man asks. "I don't understand your handwriting," the woman replies.
The local sheriff was looking for a deputy, so Gomer, who was not exactly the sharpest nail in the bucket, went in to try out for the job.  "Okay," the sheriff drawled, "Gomer, what is 1 and 1?"  "11" he replied.  The sheriff said, "Well, that's not what I meant, but I guess you're right. What two days of the week start with the letter 'T'?"  "Today and tomorrow."  The sheriff was again surprised that Gomer supplied a correct answer that he had never thought of himself. "Now Gomer, listen carefully, who killed Abraham Lincoln?"  Gomer looked a little surprised himself, then thought really hard for a minute and finally admitted, "I don't know."  "Well, why don't you go home and work on that one for a while?"  So, Gomer wandered over to the barbershop where his pals were waiting to hear the results of the interview. Gomer was exultant. "It went great! First day on the job and I'm already working on a murder case!"
An Illinois man left the snow-filled streets of Chicago for a vacation in Florida. His wife was on a business trip and was planning to meet him there the next day.  When he reached his hotel, he decided to send his wife a quick email. Unable to find the scrap of paper on which he had written her email address, he did his best to type it in from memory.  Unfortunately, he missed one letter and his note was directed instead to an elderly preacher's wife, whose husband had passed away only the day before. When the grieving widow checked her email, she took one look at the monitor, let out a piercing scream and fell to the floor in a dead faint. At the sound, her family rushed into the room and saw this note on the screen:  DEAREST WIFE: JUST GOT CHECKED IN. EVERYTHING PREPARED FOR YOUR ARRIVAL TOMORROW. P.S. SURE IS HOT DOWN HERE.
An Illinois man left the snow-filled streets of Chicago for a vacation in Florida. His wife was on a business trip and was planning to meet him there the next day.  When he reached his hotel, he decided to send his wife a quick email. Unable to find the scrap of paper on which he had written her email address, he did his best to type it in from memory.  Unfortunately, he missed one letter and his note was directed instead to an elderly preacher's wife, whose husband had passed away only the day before. When the grieving widow checked her email, she took one look at the monitor, let out a piercing scream and fell to the floor in a dead faint. At the sound, her family rushed into the room and saw this note on the screen:  DEAREST WIFE: JUST GOT CHECKED IN. EVERYTHING PREPARED FOR YOUR ARRIVAL TOMORROW. P.S. SURE IS HOT DOWN HERE.
Q: Where do people who say "shoot" and "darn" go to? A: Heck
Q: Where do people who say "shoot" and "darn" go to? A: Heck
A truck driver was sitting down in a small roadside diner, minding his own business, and having a plate of spaghetti and a beer. Before long, about 30 of the nastiest, meanest looking bikers come roaring in to the parking lot and boisterously enter the diner -- taking over the tiny place. The macho leader notices the trucker in the corner and goes over to "mark the territory." He starts giving the trucker hard time, but the trucker is not to be provoked. Soon the leader is frustrated by the trucker's lack of response and he dumps the trucker's spaghetti plate right on his head. The trucker is covered with noodles and sauce is dripping down his face. He tells the leader he doesn't want any trouble and cleans away the mess with a towel provided by the proprietor. The leader is not done with his provocation -- he tells the trucker he's a lily-livered sissy and dumps the trucker's beer right in his lap. The trucker shoots to his feet -- the room is silent. The bikers think they're finally gonna see some action -- but the trucker just saunters over to the cash register, settles the check and strides out the door. A minute or two pass and the leader decides to have the last word, "THAT GUY SURE ISN'T MUCH OF A MAN!" About 10 seconds of silence follow-- THE SILENCE IS SHATTERED BY THE SOUND OF MANGLED METAL AND THE WORDS OF THE DINER PROPRIETOR..."AND HE SURE ISN'T MUCH OF A DRIVER EITHER. LOOKS LIKE HE JUST RAN OVER MOST OF THOSE HARLEYS IN THE PARKING LOT!"
Two atoms were walking down the street. One atom says to the other one, "I've lost an electron!"  The 2nd atom replies, "Are you sure?"  "I'm positive."
After just a few years of marriage filled with constant arguments, a young man and his wife decided the only way to save their marriage was to try counseling. They had been at each other's throat for some time and felt that this was their last straw. When they arrived at the counselor's office, the counselor jumped right in and opened the floor for discussion." What seems to be the problem?" Immediately, the husband held his long face down without anything to say. On the other hand, the wife began talking 90 miles an hour describing all the wrongs within their marriage. After 5 - - 10 - - 15 minutes of listening to the wife, the counselor went over to her, picked her up by her shoulders, kissed her passionately for several minutes and sat her back down. Afterwards, the wife sat there speechless. He looked over at the husband who was staring in disbelief at what had happened. The counselor spoke to the husband, "Your wife NEEDS that at least twice a week! "The husband scratched his head and replied, "I can have her here every Tuesday and Thursday."
After just a few years of marriage filled with constant arguments, a young man and his wife decided the only way to save their marriage was to try counseling. They had been at each other's throat for some time and felt that this was their last straw. When they arrived at the counselor's office, the counselor jumped right in and opened the floor for discussion." What seems to be the problem?" Immediately, the husband held his long face down without anything to say. On the other hand, the wife began talking 90 miles an hour describing all the wrongs within their marriage. After 5 - - 10 - - 15 minutes of listening to the wife, the counselor went over to her, picked her up by her shoulders, kissed her passionately for several minutes and sat her back down. Afterwards, the wife sat there speechless. He looked over at the husband who was staring in disbelief at what had happened. The counselor spoke to the husband, "Your wife NEEDS that at least twice a week! "The husband scratched his head and replied, "I can have her here every Tuesday and Thursday."
A man walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, give me two shots. One for me and one for my best buddy." Bartender says, "You want them both now or do you want me to wait until your buddy arrives to pour his?" The guy says, "Oh, I want them both now. I've got my best buddy in my pocket here." He then pulls a little three-inch man out of his pocket. The bartender asks, "You mean to say, he can drink that much?" "Oh, sure. He can drink it all and then some," the man retorted. So, the bartender pours the two shots and sure enough, the little guy drinks it all up. "That's amazing!" says the bartender. "What else can he do? Can he walk?" The man flicks a quarter down to the end of the bar and says, "Hey, Rodney, go fetch that quarter." The little guy runs down to the end of the bar, picks up the quarter and runs back down and gives it to the man. The bartender is in total shock. "That's amazing!" he says. "What else can he do? Does he talk?" The man looks up at the bartender with a look of surprise in his eye and says, "Talk? Sure he talks. Hey, Rodney, tell him about that time we were in down in Africa on safari, hunting, and you called that native witch doctor a jerk!"
A man walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, give me two shots. One for me and one for my best buddy." Bartender says, "You want them both now or do you want me to wait until your buddy arrives to pour his?" The guy says, "Oh, I want them both now. I've got my best buddy in my pocket here." He then pulls a little three-inch man out of his pocket. The bartender asks, "You mean to say, he can drink that much?" "Oh, sure. He can drink it all and then some," the man retorted. So, the bartender pours the two shots and sure enough, the little guy drinks it all up. "That's amazing!" says the bartender. "What else can he do? Can he walk?" The man flicks a quarter down to the end of the bar and says, "Hey, Rodney, go fetch that quarter." The little guy runs down to the end of the bar, picks up the quarter and runs back down and gives it to the man. The bartender is in total shock. "That's amazing!" he says. "What else can he do? Does he talk?" The man looks up at the bartender with a look of surprise in his eye and says, "Talk? Sure he talks. Hey, Rodney, tell him about that time we were in down in Africa on safari, hunting, and you called that native witch doctor a jerk!"
The manager of a large office noticed a new man one day and told him to come into his office. "What is your name?" was the first thing the manager asked the new guy. "John," the new guy replied. The manager scowled, "Look, I don't know what kind of a namby-pamby place you worked at before, but I don't call anyone by his first name. It breeds familiarity and that leads to a breakdown in authority. I refer to my employees by their last name only - Smith, Jones, Baker - that's all. I am to be referred to only as Mr. Robertson. Now that we got that straight, what is your last name?" The new guy sighed and said, "Darling. My name is John Darling." "Okay, John, the next thing I want to tell you is..."
The manager of a large office noticed a new man one day and told him to come into his office. "What is your name?" was the first thing the manager asked the new guy. "John," the new guy replied. The manager scowled, "Look, I don't know what kind of a namby-pamby place you worked at before, but I don't call anyone by his first name. It breeds familiarity and that leads to a breakdown in authority. I refer to my employees by their last name only - Smith, Jones, Baker - that's all. I am to be referred to only as Mr. Robertson. Now that we got that straight, what is your last name?" The new guy sighed and said, "Darling. My name is John Darling." "Okay, John, the next thing I want to tell you is..."
A man gets home, runs into his house, slams the door and shouts, "Honey, I just won the lottery! Pack your bags!"  The wife says, "Great! What should I pack for? The ocean or the mountains?"  He says, "I don't care! Just be out by the end of the week!"
A teacher wanted his students to improve their spelling skills. So, he decided to have each of them come up to the front of the class and tell the class about their fathers’ profession or trade and to spell such profession or trade. The teacher called up Johnny as the first student, and Johnny said, "My father is a baker, and you spell it B-A-K-E-R. If my father was here today, he would give everyone a cookie." "Very well," the teacher said, and called Jim to the front. Jim said, "My father is a banker and you spell it: B-A-N-K-E-R. If he was here today, he would give everyone a quarter. "Great," said the teacher and called Tim to the front. Tim said: "My father is an electrician, and you spell it: E –E- L -K… E- L- E-K…." Tim was having a hard time spelling, so the teacher said, "Tim, why don’t you sit and think about the spelling for a few minutes. In the meantime, we’ll have Peter come up and tell us about his father." Peter said, "My father is a bookie: B-O–O-K-I-E. And if my father was here today he would bet, 9 out of 10 that Tim would not spell ELECTRICIAN."
A teacher wanted his students to improve their spelling skills. So, he decided to have each of them come up to the front of the class and tell the class about their fathers’ profession or trade and to spell such profession or trade. The teacher called up Johnny as the first student, and Johnny said, "My father is a baker, and you spell it B-A-K-E-R. If my father was here today, he would give everyone a cookie." "Very well," the teacher said, and called Jim to the front. Jim said, "My father is a banker and you spell it: B-A-N-K-E-R. If he was here today, he would give everyone a quarter. "Great," said the teacher and called Tim to the front. Tim said: "My father is an electrician, and you spell it: E –E- L -K… E- L- E-K…." Tim was having a hard time spelling, so the teacher said, "Tim, why don’t you sit and think about the spelling for a few minutes. In the meantime, we’ll have Peter come up and tell us about his father." Peter said, "My father is a bookie: B-O–O-K-I-E. And if my father was here today he would bet, 9 out of 10 that Tim would not spell ELECTRICIAN."
Q: What do you call a cow without feet? A: Ground beef
Q: What do you call a cow without feet? A: Ground beef
A grasshopper hops into a bar and the bartender looks at him and says, "HEY! We have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks at the bartender and says, "You have a drink named Harry?"
A man and his girlfriend were out to dinner one night. The waiter tells them the night's special is chicken almondine and fresh fish. "The chicken sounds good; I'll have that," the woman says. The waiter nods. "And the vegetable?" he asks. "Oh, he'll have the fish," she replies.
A man and his girlfriend were out to dinner one night. The waiter tells them the night's special is chicken almondine and fresh fish. "The chicken sounds good; I'll have that," the woman says. The waiter nods. "And the vegetable?" he asks. "Oh, he'll have the fish," she replies.
How can you tell if you have been spending too much time at home on the Internet?  Your spouse emails you a message saying dinner is ready and she/he uses the address "Your spouse@home.com."
How can you tell if you have been spending too much time at home on the Internet?  Your spouse emails you a message saying dinner is ready and she/he uses the address "Your spouse@home.com."
A police officer sees a man driving around with a pickup truck full of penguins. He pulls the guy over and says, "You can't drive around with penguins in this town! Take them to the zoo immediately." The guy says okay, and drives away. The next day, the officer sees the guy still driving around with the truck full of penguins -- and they're all wearing sunglasses. He pulls the guy over and demands, "I thought I told you to take these penguins to the zoo yesterday?" The guy replies, "I did. Today I'm taking them to the beach!"
A police officer sees a man driving around with a pickup truck full of penguins. He pulls the guy over and says, "You can't drive around with penguins in this town! Take them to the zoo immediately." The guy says okay, and drives away. The next day, the officer sees the guy still driving around with the truck full of penguins -- and they're all wearing sunglasses. He pulls the guy over and demands, "I thought I told you to take these penguins to the zoo yesterday?" The guy replies, "I did. Today I'm taking them to the beach!"
What did the magnet say to the other magnet hanging on the refrigerator next to it? I'm attracted to you.
What did the magnet say to the other magnet hanging on the refrigerator next to it? I'm attracted to you.
A man walked into a bar and ordered a glass of white wine. He took a sip of the wine then tossed the remainder in the bartender's face. Before the bartender could recover from the surprise, the man began weeping. "I'm really sorry. I keep doing that to bartenders. I can't tell you how embarrassing it is to have a compulsion like this." Far from being angry, the bartender was sympathetic. Before long, he was suggesting that the man see a psychoanalyst about his problem. "I happen to have the name of a psychoanalyst," the bartender said. "My brother and my wife have both been treated by him, and they say he's as good as they come." The man wrote down the name of the doctor, thanked the bartender and left. The bartender smiled, knowing he'd done a good deed for a fellow human being. Six months later, the man was back. "Did you do what I suggested?" the bartender asked, serving a glass of white wine. "I certainly did," the man said. "I've been seeing the psychoanalyst twice a week." He took a sip of the wine then threw the remainder into the bartender's face. The flustered bartender wiped his face with a towel. "The doctor doesn't seem to be doing you any good," he spluttered. "On the contrary," the man said," he's done me a world of good." "But you just threw the wine in my face again!" the bartender exclaimed. "Yes," the man replied, "but it doesn't embarrass me anymore!"
A man walked into a bar and ordered a glass of white wine. He took a sip of the wine then tossed the remainder in the bartender's face. Before the bartender could recover from the surprise, the man began weeping. "I'm really sorry. I keep doing that to bartenders. I can't tell you how embarrassing it is to have a compulsion like this." Far from being angry, the bartender was sympathetic. Before long, he was suggesting that the man see a psychoanalyst about his problem. "I happen to have the name of a psychoanalyst," the bartender said. "My brother and my wife have both been treated by him, and they say he's as good as they come." The man wrote down the name of the doctor, thanked the bartender and left. The bartender smiled, knowing he'd done a good deed for a fellow human being. Six months later, the man was back. "Did you do what I suggested?" the bartender asked, serving a glass of white wine. "I certainly did," the man said. "I've been seeing the psychoanalyst twice a week." He took a sip of the wine then threw the remainder into the bartender's face. The flustered bartender wiped his face with a towel. "The doctor doesn't seem to be doing you any good," he spluttered. "On the contrary," the man said," he's done me a world of good." "But you just threw the wine in my face again!" the bartender exclaimed. "Yes," the man replied, "but it doesn't embarrass me anymore!"
During Marine Corp basic training, one private was being hassled by his drill instructor. "Well," snarled the tough old sergeant to the bewildered recruit, "I suppose after you get discharged from the Corp, you'll just be waiting for me to die so you can come and spit on my grave." "Not me, Sarge!" the private replied. "Once I get out of the Marines, I'm never going to stand in line again!"
During Marine Corp basic training, one private was being hassled by his drill instructor. "Well," snarled the tough old sergeant to the bewildered recruit, "I suppose after you get discharged from the Corp, you'll just be waiting for me to die so you can come and spit on my grave." "Not me, Sarge!" the private replied. "Once I get out of the Marines, I'm never going to stand in line again!"
Do you know what happens to quarterbacks when they reach the ends of their lives? They just pass away.
Do you know what happens to quarterbacks when they reach the ends of their lives? They just pass away.
A poet and a scientist were traveling together on a plane. The scientist was bored and said to the poet, "Hey, you, do you want to play a game? I'll ask you a question, and if you get it wrong, you give me $5. Then, you ask me a question, and if I can't answer it, I'll give you $5." The poet thought about this for a moment, but he decided against it, seeing that the scientist was obviously a very bright man. He politely turned down the scientist's offer. The scientist, who was really bored, tried again. "Look, I'll ask you a question, and if you can't answer it, you give me $5. Then you ask me a question, and if I can't answer it, I'll give you $50." The poet agreed. "Okay," the scientist said, "what is the exact distance between the Earth and the Moon?" The poet, obviously not knowing the answer, didn't stop to think about the scientist's question. He took a $5 bill out of his pocket and handed it to the scientist. The scientist happily accepted the bill and promptly said, "Okay, now it's your turn." The poet thought about this for a few minutes, then asked, "All right, what goes up a mountain on three legs, but comes down on four?" The bright glow quickly vanished from the scientist's face. He thought about this for a long time, taking out his notepad and making numerous calculations. He finally gave up on his notepad and took out his laptop, using his Multimedia Encyclopedia. As the plane was landing the scientist gave up. He reluctantly handed the poet a $50 bill. The poet accepted it graciously, getting ready to stand up. "Wait!" the scientist shouted, "you can't do this to me! What's the answer?" The poet looked at the scientist and calmly put a $5 bill into his hand.
A poet and a scientist were traveling together on a plane. The scientist was bored and said to the poet, "Hey, you, do you want to play a game? I'll ask you a question, and if you get it wrong, you give me $5. Then, you ask me a question, and if I can't answer it, I'll give you $5." The poet thought about this for a moment, but he decided against it, seeing that the scientist was obviously a very bright man. He politely turned down the scientist's offer. The scientist, who was really bored, tried again. "Look, I'll ask you a question, and if you can't answer it, you give me $5. Then you ask me a question, and if I can't answer it, I'll give you $50." The poet agreed. "Okay," the scientist said, "what is the exact distance between the Earth and the Moon?" The poet, obviously not knowing the answer, didn't stop to think about the scientist's question. He took a $5 bill out of his pocket and handed it to the scientist. The scientist happily accepted the bill and promptly said, "Okay, now it's your turn." The poet thought about this for a few minutes, then asked, "All right, what goes up a mountain on three legs, but comes down on four?" The bright glow quickly vanished from the scientist's face. He thought about this for a long time, taking out his notepad and making numerous calculations. He finally gave up on his notepad and took out his laptop, using his Multimedia Encyclopedia. As the plane was landing the scientist gave up. He reluctantly handed the poet a $50 bill. The poet accepted it graciously, getting ready to stand up. "Wait!" the scientist shouted, "you can't do this to me! What's the answer?" The poet looked at the scientist and calmly put a $5 bill into his hand.
Do you know why electricians are some of the smartest people?  They always keep up with current events.
Do you know why electricians are some of the smartest people?  They always keep up with current events.
Do you know why malt stands are constantly rated best businesses of the year?  They always give customers a fair shake.
Do you know why malt stands are constantly rated best businesses of the year?  They always give customers a fair shake.
Did you hear about the problems in the Woodworkers Union?  A radical group broke off and formed a splinter group.
Did you hear about the problems in the Woodworkers Union?  A radical group broke off and formed a splinter group.
A man, a woman and an Antartican were driving in the desert in a jeep when the car suddenly broke down. Since none of them had any car knowledge, they decided to walk. Each of them decided to take one thing with them: the man took the food in case he got hungry, the woman took the water in case she got thirsty, and the Antartican took the car door. When questioned about her choice, the Antartican said, "Well, if I get hot, I can roll down the window!"
A man, a woman and an Antartican were driving in the desert in a jeep when the car suddenly broke down. Since none of them had any car knowledge, they decided to walk. Each of them decided to take one thing with them: the man took the food in case he got hungry, the woman took the water in case she got thirsty, and the Antartican took the car door. When questioned about her choice, the Antartican said, "Well, if I get hot, I can roll down the window!"
This guy goes up to a bar located at the top of the Empire State Building in New York. It looks like a nice place, and he takes a seat at the bar.  "This is a nice place. I've never been here before," he says to the guy next to him. "Oh, really?" the other replies. "It is a nice place. It's also a very special bar." "Why is that?" the first guy asks. "Well, do you see that painting on the far wall? That's an original Van Gogh, and this stool I'm sitting on was on the Titanic." "Gee, that's amazing!" says the first guy. "Not only that, but you see that window over there, fourth from the right? Well, the wind does strange things outside that window. If you jump out you'll fall about 50 feet before the wind catches you and you're pushed back up." "No way! That's impossible," the guy scoffs. "Not at all. Take a look," the other man replies, and with that he walks over to the window and opens it. He climbs over the sill and falls out. He drops 10... 20... 30... 40...50 feet, comes to a stop, and whoosh -- he comes right back up and sails back through the window. "See? It's fun. You should try it," he says. "Try it? I don't even believe I saw it!" the first man shouts. "It's easy. Watch, I'll do it again." And with that, he falls out the window again. He drops 10... 20... 30... 40... 50 feet, comes to a stop, and whoosh -- he comes right back up and sails back through the window. "Give it a try. It's a blast," he says. "Well, what the heck, I'll give it a try," the first man says, and proceeds to fall out the window. He falls 10... 20... 30... 40... 50...60...70...80...90... 100 feet and splat -- he ends up as road pizza on the sidewalk. After watching this, the second guy casually closes the window, heads back to the bar and orders a drink. The bartender arrives with the drink and says, "You know, Superman, you're a real jerk when you're drunk."
A man goes into a pub, takes a seat at the bar, and orders five shots. The bartender gives him an odd look since he’s all by himself, but he serves up the five shots and lines them up on the bar. The man downs them all quickly. He finishes the last one and calls out, "Four shots, please!" The bartender serves up four shots and lines them on the bar. The man downs them all. Then he belches loudly, sways slightly on the stool, and orders three. And one after the other, he knocks them back. "Two shots!" he calls, and the bartender places two shots in front of him. Down they go. As the man slams the last one down on the bar, he says, "One shot bartender." So the bartender fills the glass. The man sits there, staring at it for a moment, trying to focus. Then he looks at the barman and says, "You know, it's a funny thing, but the less I drink, the drunker I get."
What do you call a woman that knows where her husband is 24 hours a day? A widow.
What do you call a woman that knows where her husband is 24 hours a day? A widow.
Q: Why do little melons have to have big weddings? A: Because they "cantelope."
Q: Why do little melons have to have big weddings? A: Because they "cantelope."
A man goes into a pub, takes a seat at the bar, and orders five shots. The bartender gives him an odd look since he’s all by himself, but he serves up the five shots and lines them up on the bar. The man downs them all quickly. He finishes the last one and calls out, "Four shots, please!" The bartender serves up four shots and lines them on the bar. The man downs them all. Then he belches loudly, sways slightly on the stool, and orders three. And one after the other, he knocks them back. "Two shots!" he calls, and the bartender places two shots in front of him. Down they go. As the man slams the last one down on the bar, he says, "One shot bartender." So the bartender fills the glass. The man sits there, staring at it for a moment, trying to focus. Then he looks at the barman and says, "You know, it's a funny thing, but the less I drink, the drunker I get."
Why did the potato blush?  Because it saw the salad dressing
Why did the potato blush?  Because it saw the salad dressing
What is in the beginning of eternity and at the end of time and space? The letter e
Mr. Smith and his son Rick were called to Mrs. Liventhal's classroom. "Mr. Smith," said the teacher, "I asked Rick 'Who shot Abraham Lincoln?' and he said that he didn't do it!" "Well, teacher," said Smith, "if my kid said he didn't do it -- he didn't do it!" Father and son left the school, and on their way home, Smith turned to the boy and asked, "Tell me, son, did you do it?"
Mr. Smith and his son Rick were called to Mrs. Liventhal's classroom. "Mr. Smith," said the teacher, "I asked Rick 'Who shot Abraham Lincoln?' and he said that he didn't do it!" "Well, teacher," said Smith, "if my kid said he didn't do it -- he didn't do it!" Father and son left the school, and on their way home, Smith turned to the boy and asked, "Tell me, son, did you do it?"
A man goes to the doctor and says, "Doc, nobody pays attention to me…" And the doctor says, "Next please..."
A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beers to bears in this bar." The bear bangs on the bar. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beers to bears in this bar, especially not bears who bang on bars." The bear grabs a passing barmaid and bashes her. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beer to bears in this bar, especially not bears that bang on bars and bash barmaids." The bear bellows at the other barman to bring him a beer. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beer to bears, especially bears that bang on bars, bash barmaids and bellow at barmen." In exasperation the bear bites the bar. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve bears that are on drugs." "On drugs?" the bear says. The barman says, "Yes. I saw that bar-bit-u-ate."
What is in the beginning of eternity and at the end of time and space? The letter e
An elderly man, 82, just returned from the doctors only to find he didn't have long to live. So he summoned the three most important people in his life to tell them of his fate: 1. His Doctor 2. His Priest 3. His Lawyer. He said, "Well, today I found out I don't have long to live. So, I have summoned you three here, because you are the most important people in my life, and I need to ask a favor. Today, I am going to give each of you an envelope with $50,000 dollars inside. When I die, I would ask that all three of you throw the money into my grave." After the man passed on, the three people happened to run into each other. The doctor said, "I have to admit I kept $10,000 dollars of his money. He owed me from lots of medical bills. But, I threw the other $40,000 in like he requested. "The Priest said, "I have to admit also, I kept $25,000 dollars for the church. It’s all going to a good cause. I did, however, throw the other $25,000 in the grave." Well the Lawyer just couldn't believe what he was hearing! "I am surprised at you two for taking advantage of him like that. I wrote a check for the full amount and threw it all in!!!"
An elderly man, 82, just returned from the doctors only to find he didn't have long to live. So he summoned the three most important people in his life to tell them of his fate: 1. His Doctor 2. His Priest 3. His Lawyer. He said, "Well, today I found out I don't have long to live. So, I have summoned you three here, because you are the most important people in my life, and I need to ask a favor. Today, I am going to give each of you an envelope with $50,000 dollars inside. When I die, I would ask that all three of you throw the money into my grave." After the man passed on, the three people happened to run into each other. The doctor said, "I have to admit I kept $10,000 dollars of his money. He owed me from lots of medical bills. But, I threw the other $40,000 in like he requested. "The Priest said, "I have to admit also, I kept $25,000 dollars for the church. It’s all going to a good cause. I did, however, throw the other $25,000 in the grave." Well the Lawyer just couldn't believe what he was hearing! "I am surprised at you two for taking advantage of him like that. I wrote a check for the full amount and threw it all in!!!"
A little boy went up to his grandfather and asked, "Grandpa, can you make a sound like a frog?" When the grandfather asked why, the boy replied, "Because daddy said when you croak we're all going to Disneyland."
Turtle to turtle: "Don't ya just love the sound of rain on your roof?"
There was a manager of a company who was ready to retire, so he began training his replacement. Just before he left for good, he took the replacement aside and told him that if he ever got really jammed up, he should look in the center drawer of his desk and he would find two envelopes. He told him to open envelope #1. Well, time goes by and one day, a big project went bad and the new manager was in real trouble over it. He remembered the drawer and the envelopes and went and got envelope #1 and opened it. Inside was a sheet of paper with just two words on it---"Blame me!" A few months later, the new manager again found himself in hot water and remembered that there was an envelope #2. He went and opened that one and found another note. This one read, "Go get two envelopes".
There was a manager of a company who was ready to retire, so he began training his replacement. Just before he left for good, he took the replacement aside and told him that if he ever got really jammed up, he should look in the center drawer of his desk and he would find two envelopes. He told him to open envelope #1. Well, time goes by and one day, a big project went bad and the new manager was in real trouble over it. He remembered the drawer and the envelopes and went and got envelope #1 and opened it. Inside was a sheet of paper with just two words on it---"Blame me!" A few months later, the new manager again found himself in hot water and remembered that there was an envelope #2. He went and opened that one and found another note. This one read, "Go get two envelopes".
Two ladies were hanging out together and one was depressed. "What's wrong?" The depressed one replied, "I've been married four times and everyone of my husbands has passed away." The other lady asked, "What did they used to do?" The depressed lady replied, "Well, my first husband was a millionaire, the second was a magician, the third was an evangelist, and the fourth was a mortician." And the other said, "Oh, one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go."
A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beers to bears in this bar." The bear bangs on the bar. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beers to bears in this bar, especially not bears who bang on bars." The bear grabs a passing barmaid and bashes her. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beer to bears in this bar, especially not bears that bang on bars and bash barmaids." The bear bellows at the other barman to bring him a beer. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve beer to bears, especially bears that bang on bars, bash barmaids and bellow at barmen." In exasperation the bear bites the bar. The barman says, "Sorry, but we don't serve bears that are on drugs." "On drugs?" the bear says. The barman says, "Yes. I saw that bar-bit-u-ate."
Did you hear about the man who was tap dancing? He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.
Did you hear about the man who was tap dancing? He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.
Mama bear to Papa bear: "Well... You might call it hibernating -- I call it 'goofing off'."
Exasperated dragon on the field of battle: "Mother said there would be knights like this."
Two monkeys were discussing evolution: "You mean to tell me that I really am my keeper's brother?"
Two monkeys were discussing evolution: "You mean to tell me that I really am my keeper's brother?"
Turtle to turtle: "Don't ya just love the sound of rain on your roof?"
Mama bear to Papa bear: "Well... You might call it hibernating -- I call it 'goofing off'."
Mother rabbit to her small bunny: "A magician pulled you out of a hat. Now stop asking questions."
Mother rabbit to her small bunny: "A magician pulled you out of a hat. Now stop asking questions."
Chicken to turkey: "Only Thanksgiving and Christmas??? You're lucky, with us it's any Sunday."
Chicken to turkey: "Only Thanksgiving and Christmas??? You're lucky, with us it's any Sunday."
One caterpillar to another, as they watch a butterfly: "You'll never get me up in one of those things."
One caterpillar to another, as they watch a butterfly: "You'll never get me up in one of those things."
Exasperated dragon on the field of battle: "Mother said there would be knights like this."
Two ladies were hanging out together and one was depressed. "What's wrong?" The depressed one replied, "I've been married four times and everyone of my husbands has passed away." The other lady asked, "What did they used to do?" The depressed lady replied, "Well, my first husband was a millionaire, the second was a magician, the third was an evangelist, and the fourth was a mortician." And the other said, "Oh, one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go."
This guy was pulled over for running a stop sign. When the cop checked the man's driver's license, he said, "You're wearing glasses on your ID and you're not now. I'm going to have to give you a ticket." The guy said, "Officer, I have contacts." The cop said, "Look, buddy, I don't care who you know, ... I'm giving you a ticket."
This guy was pulled over for running a stop sign. When the cop checked the man's driver's license, he said, "You're wearing glasses on your ID and you're not now. I'm going to have to give you a ticket." The guy said, "Officer, I have contacts." The cop said, "Look, buddy, I don't care who you know, ... I'm giving you a ticket."
Joe the lawyer died suddenly, at the age of 45. He got to the gates of Heaven, and the angel standing there said, "We've been waiting a long time for you." "What do you mean," he replied. "I'm only 45, in the prime of my life. Why did I have to die now?" "45? You're not 45, you're 82," replied the angel. "Wait a minute. If you think I'm 82 then you have the wrong guy. I'm only 45. I can show you my birth certificate." "Hold on. Let me go check," said the angel and disappeared inside. After a few minutes the angel returned. "Sorry, but by our records you *are* 82. I checked all the hours you have billed your clients, and you have to be 82..."
Joe the lawyer died suddenly, at the age of 45. He got to the gates of Heaven, and the angel standing there said, "We've been waiting a long time for you." "What do you mean," he replied. "I'm only 45, in the prime of my life. Why did I have to die now?" "45? You're not 45, you're 82," replied the angel. "Wait a minute. If you think I'm 82 then you have the wrong guy. I'm only 45. I can show you my birth certificate." "Hold on. Let me go check," said the angel and disappeared inside. After a few minutes the angel returned. "Sorry, but by our records you *are* 82. I checked all the hours you have billed your clients, and you have to be 82..."
While sports fishing off the Florida coast, a tourist capsized his boat. He could swim, but his fear of alligators kept him clinging to the overturned craft. Spotting an old beachcomber standing on the shore, the tourist shouted, "Are there any gators around here?"  "Nah," the man hollered back, "they ain't been around for years!"  Feeling safe, the tourist started swimming leisurely toward the shore. About halfway there he asked the guy, "How'd you get rid of the gators?"  "We didn't do anything,'" the beachcomber said. "The sharks got 'em."
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip. After a good meal and a bottle of wine, they lay down for the night, and went to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend. "Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see." Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars." "What does that tell you?" Holmes asked. Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Theologically, I can see that God is all-powerful and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. What does it tell you?" Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke. "Watson, you idiot. Somebody has stolen our tent!"
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip. After a good meal and a bottle of wine, they lay down for the night, and went to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend. "Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see." Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars." "What does that tell you?" Holmes asked. Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Theologically, I can see that God is all-powerful and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. What does it tell you?" Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke. "Watson, you idiot. Somebody has stolen our tent!"
This past fall semester, at Duke University, there were two sophomores who were taking Organic Chemistry and who did pretty well on all of the quizzes, midterms, labs, etc. Going into the final exam, they had solid "A's." These two friends were so confident going into the final that the weekend before finals week (even though the Chem. final was on Monday),  they decided to go up to University of Virginia to a party with some friends. So they did this and had a great time. However, they ended up staying longer than they planned, and they didn't make it back to Duke until early Monday morning. Rather than taking the final then, they found  Professor Aldric after the final and explained to him why they missed it. They told him that they went up to Virginia for the weekend,   and had planned to come back in time to study, but that they had a flat tire on the way back and didn't have a spare and couldn't get help for a long time. So they were late getting back to campus. Aldric thought this over and agreed that they could make up the final on the following day. The two guys were elated and relieved. So, they studied that night and went in the next day at the time that Aldric had told them. He placed them in separate rooms, handed each of them a test booklet and told them to begin. They looked at the first problem, which was something simple about free radical formation and was worth 5 points. "Cool" they thought, "this is going to be easy." They did that problem and then turned the page. They were unprepared, however, for what they saw on the next page. It said: (95 points) "Which tire?"
This past fall semester, at Duke University, there were two sophomores who were taking Organic Chemistry and who did pretty well on all of the quizzes, midterms, labs, etc. Going into the final exam, they had solid "A's." These two friends were so confident going into the final that the weekend before finals week (even though the Chem. final was on Monday),  they decided to go up to University of Virginia to a party with some friends. So they did this and had a great time. However, they ended up staying longer than they planned, and they didn't make it back to Duke until early Monday morning. Rather than taking the final then, they found  Professor Aldric after the final and explained to him why they missed it. They told him that they went up to Virginia for the weekend,   and had planned to come back in time to study, but that they had a flat tire on the way back and didn't have a spare and couldn't get help for a long time. So they were late getting back to campus. Aldric thought this over and agreed that they could make up the final on the following day. The two guys were elated and relieved. So, they studied that night and went in the next day at the time that Aldric had told them. He placed them in separate rooms, handed each of them a test booklet and told them to begin. They looked at the first problem, which was something simple about free radical formation and was worth 5 points. "Cool" they thought, "this is going to be easy." They did that problem and then turned the page. They were unprepared, however, for what they saw on the next page. It said: (95 points) "Which tire?"
Why couldn't the egg cross the road? He was a chicken.
Why couldn't the egg cross the road? He was a chicken.
When is the best time to go shopping? When the stores are open.
When is the best time to go shopping? When the stores are open.
Why did the brakes go to the store? They needed new shoes.
Why did the brakes go to the store? They needed new shoes.
Why couldn't the coffee bean go out to play? He was grounded.
Why couldn't the coffee bean go out to play? He was grounded.
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes at least 3 light bulbs.
A mid-level executive was so frustrated at being passed over for promotion year after year, that, in frustration, he went to a brain-transplant center in the hope of raising his I.Q. 20 points. After a battery of physical and psychological tests, the center's director told him that he was an acceptable candidate. "That's great!" the executive said. "But I understand that this procedure can be really expensive." "Yes, sir, it can," the director replied. "An ounce of accountant's brain for example, costs one thousand dollars; an ounce of an economist's brain costs two thousand; an ounce of a corporate president's is forty-five thousand. An ounce of a politicians brain is seventy-five thousand dollars." "Seventy-five thousand dollars for an ounce of a politicians brain? Why on earth is that?" "Do you have any idea," the director asked, "how many politicians we would have to kill?"
A man walks into the Doctors with an apple in one ear, a banana in the other ear and grapes up his nose. He says, "Doctor, what's happening to me?" The doctor replies, "You're not eating properly.
How many personal injury lawyers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Three. One to change the bulb, one to shake him off the ladder, and one to sue the ladder company.
How many personal injury lawyers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Three. One to change the bulb, one to shake him off the ladder, and one to sue the ladder company.
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? How many you can afford!
Bob Hill and his new wife Betty were vacationing in Europe, as it happens, near Transylvania. They were driving in a rental car along a rather deserted highway. It was late, and raining very hard. Bob could barely see 20 feet in front of the car.  Suddenly the car skids out of control! Bob attempts to control the car, but to no avail! The car swerves and smashes into a tree. Moments later, Bob shakes his head to clear the fog. Dazed, he looks over at the passenger seat and sees his wife unconscious, with her head bleeding! Despite the rain and unfamiliar countryside, Bob knows he has to carry her to the nearest phone.  Bob carefully picks his wife up and begins trudging down the road. After a short while, he sees a light. He heads towards the light, which is coming from an old, large house. He approaches the door and knocks. A minute passes. A small, hunched man opens the door. Bob immediately blurts, "Hello, my name is Bob Hill, and this is my wife Betty. We've been in a terrible accident, and my wife has been seriously hurt. Can I please use your phone?"  "I'm sorry," replied the hunchback, "but we don't have a phone. My master is a doctor; come in and I will get him!"  Bob brings his wife in. An elegant man comes down the stairs. "I'm afraid my assistant may have misled you. I am not a medical doctor; I am a scientist. However, it is many miles to the nearest clinic, and I have had a basic medical training. I will see what I can do. Igor, bring them down to the laboratory."  With that, Igor picks up Betty and carries her downstairs, with Bob following closely. Igor places Betty on a table in the lab. Bob collapses from exhaustion and his own injuries, so Igor places Bob on an adjoining table. After a brief examination, Igor's master looks worried.  "Things are serious, Igor. Prepare a transfusion." Igor and his master work feverishly, but to no avail. Bob and Betty Hill are no more.  The Hills' deaths upset Igor's master greatly. Wearily, he climbs the steps to his conservatory, which houses his grand piano. For it is here that he has always found solace. He begins to play, and a stirring, almost haunting, melody fills the house.  Meanwhile, Igor is still in the lab tidying up. His eyes catch movement, and he notices the fingers on Betty's hand twitch, keeping time to the haunting piano music. Stunned, he watches as Bob's arm begins to rise, marking the beat! He is further amazed as Betty sits straight up! Unable to contain himself, he dashes up the stairs to the conservatory. He bursts in and shouts to his master: "Master, Master! The Hills are alive with the sound of music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Q: What do you call 13 bunnies in a row, hopping backwards? A: A receding hairline!!!!!!
Two bats are hanging in their cave. One turns to the other and says, "Oh, I'm really thirsty for some fresh blood." The other bat is amazed and says, "Well, it’s a bit late. Daylight is almost here, and we can't be exposed to any light - you know we'll die." "Yeah, I know," says the first bat, "but I'm really starving for it." So he flies out of the cave and returns five minutes later with blood dripping from his mouth. "You lucky thing. Where'd you find blood that quick?" asked the second bat. "You see that tree over there in the distance?" mumbled the bat, his mouth full of blood. "Yeah, I think I do!" "Well, I didn't."
Mother: "I'm afraid our son has decided to take up acting."  Father: "What's so bad about that?"  Mother: "Well, he's gotten so big that whenever he appears in a play, he crashes right through the floor."  Father: "Don't worry about it. It's just a stage he's going through..."
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? How many you can afford!
A company is interviewing applicants for an accountancy position, and the three finalists have been chosen.  The first one is called in, and asked, "What is two plus two?" She answers, "Four," and is asked to leave.  The second finalist is called in, and asked the same question, "What is two plus two?" He also answers, "Four," and is also asked to leave.  The third and final applicant is called in, and yet again asked, "What is two plus two?" He answers, "What do you want it to be?"
What kind of doctor does a duck visit? A Ducktor.
What kind of doctor does a duck visit? A Ducktor.
My brother remembers the day when a police car pulled up to grandma's house and grandpa got out. The officer explained that this elderly gentlemen said he was lost in the park. ''Why, Bill,'' said Grandma, ''You've been going there for over 30 years! How could you get lost?'' Leaning close to Grandma so the police officer couldn't hear, he whispered, ''Wasn't exactly lost. I was just too tired to walk home.''
My brother remembers the day when a police car pulled up to grandma's house and grandpa got out. The officer explained that this elderly gentlemen said he was lost in the park. ''Why, Bill,'' said Grandma, ''You've been going there for over 30 years! How could you get lost?'' Leaning close to Grandma so the police officer couldn't hear, he whispered, ''Wasn't exactly lost. I was just too tired to walk home.''
The Bennett family had just moved into the neighborhood and was anxious to make a good impression. But the neighbors seemed busy and not interested. One day Matthew, their youngest boy, ran into the house and announced, ''Ma, a lady down the street just asked me my name!'' Mother replied, ''Great! And then what happened?'' Matthew said, ''Oh, she gave it to the policeman.''
The Bennett family had just moved into the neighborhood and was anxious to make a good impression. But the neighbors seemed busy and not interested. One day Matthew, their youngest boy, ran into the house and announced, ''Ma, a lady down the street just asked me my name!'' Mother replied, ''Great! And then what happened?'' Matthew said, ''Oh, she gave it to the policeman.''
A woman is in the bar of a cruise ship and she asks the bartender for a scotch and two drops of water. As the bartender gives her the drink, she says, "It's my birthday today, and I'm on the cruise to celebrate my 80th birthday." The bartender says, "Well, since it's your birthday I'll buy you a drink; in fact, I'll take care of this one for you." As the women finishes her drink the woman to her right says, "I guess I should buy you a drink." The old woman says, "All right. Bartender, I want a scotch and two drops of water." "All right," says the bartender. As she finishes her drink, the man to her right says, "Since I'm the only one around you that hasn't bought you a drink, I guess I might as well buy you one." The old woman says, "All right. Bartender I want a scotch and two drops of water." "Coming right up," the bartender says. As he gives her the drink he says, "Ma'am, I'm dying of curiosity. Why the scotch and only two drops of water?" The old woman replies, "Sonny, you learn that when you're my age, you can hold your liquor but you sure can't hold your water."
A woman is in the bar of a cruise ship and she asks the bartender for a scotch and two drops of water. As the bartender gives her the drink, she says, "It's my birthday today, and I'm on the cruise to celebrate my 80th birthday." The bartender says, "Well, since it's your birthday I'll buy you a drink; in fact, I'll take care of this one for you." As the women finishes her drink the woman to her right says, "I guess I should buy you a drink." The old woman says, "All right. Bartender, I want a scotch and two drops of water." "All right," says the bartender. As she finishes her drink, the man to her right says, "Since I'm the only one around you that hasn't bought you a drink, I guess I might as well buy you one." The old woman says, "All right. Bartender I want a scotch and two drops of water." "Coming right up," the bartender says. As he gives her the drink he says, "Ma'am, I'm dying of curiosity. Why the scotch and only two drops of water?" The old woman replies, "Sonny, you learn that when you're my age, you can hold your liquor but you sure can't hold your water."
If you have trouble getting your children's attention, just sit down and look comfortable. You can keep those other breeds of dogs. I got myself a laborer recliner. What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care. Beauty is in the eyes of the beer holder. Wouldn't it be great if there was as an "edit undo" button in life? If you are incompetent, don't worry. Just think, in a few years you'll be in upper management! I thought that it was pretty cool when I married Miss Wright; that is until I found out that her first name was Always! No one is ever totally useless. They can always serve as a bad example. I'm 39 years old, and I see absolutely no advantage to growing up! I just checked a height/weight chart and found out that I am 4 inches too short.
If you have trouble getting your children's attention, just sit down and look comfortable. You can keep those other breeds of dogs. I got myself a laborer recliner. What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care. Beauty is in the eyes of the beer holder. Wouldn't it be great if there was as an "edit undo" button in life? If you are incompetent, don't worry. Just think, in a few years you'll be in upper management! I thought that it was pretty cool when I married Miss Wright; that is until I found out that her first name was Always! No one is ever totally useless. They can always serve as a bad example. I'm 39 years old, and I see absolutely no advantage to growing up! I just checked a height/weight chart and found out that I am 4 inches too short.
Eight-year-old Daniel heard his grandmother tell his mother that a football was needed for the family dinner Sunday night. Daniel couldn't imagine why, but if he could help grandma prepare the meal, he would. But he didn't have a football, so he went over to Greg's house and traded 50 baseball cards for an old deflated football. He pumped it up, shined it and placed it on the kitchen table waiting for grandma to discover it. ''Daniel!'' his mother exclaimed, ''You know Grandma is cooking tonight. Please put your things where they belong!'' Daniel was holding back the tears, ''But it's for Grandma! She said she needed a football for dinner.'' Mother did her best to hold back the laughter, ''You know Grandma and her Irish accent. She meant a FRUIT BOWL!''
Eight-year-old Daniel heard his grandmother tell his mother that a football was needed for the family dinner Sunday night. Daniel couldn't imagine why, but if he could help grandma prepare the meal, he would. But he didn't have a football, so he went over to Greg's house and traded 50 baseball cards for an old deflated football. He pumped it up, shined it and placed it on the kitchen table waiting for grandma to discover it. ''Daniel!'' his mother exclaimed, ''You know Grandma is cooking tonight. Please put your things where they belong!'' Daniel was holding back the tears, ''But it's for Grandma! She said she needed a football for dinner.'' Mother did her best to hold back the laughter, ''You know Grandma and her Irish accent. She meant a FRUIT BOWL!''
Every Saturday morning Grandpa Walt found himself babysitting his three grandchildren...all boys. The kids always wanted to play ''war,'' and Grandpa somehow always got coaxed into the game. His daughter came to pick up the kids early one Saturday and witnessed Grandpa take a fake shot as Jason pointed a toy gun and yelled, "Bang!'' Grandpa slumped to the floor and stayed there motionless. The daughter rushed over to see if he was all right. Grandpa opened one eye and whispered, ''Sh-h-h, I always do this. It's the only chance I get to rest.''
Every Saturday morning Grandpa Walt found himself babysitting his three grandchildren...all boys. The kids always wanted to play ''war,'' and Grandpa somehow always got coaxed into the game. His daughter came to pick up the kids early one Saturday and witnessed Grandpa take a fake shot as Jason pointed a toy gun and yelled, "Bang!'' Grandpa slumped to the floor and stayed there motionless. The daughter rushed over to see if he was all right. Grandpa opened one eye and whispered, ''Sh-h-h, I always do this. It's the only chance I get to rest.''
A guy goes into a bar and orders seven shots of tequila and one beer chaser. The bartender lines up seven shots and goes to get the beer. When he comes back with the beer only moments later, all seven shots were gone. The bartender says, "Wow! You sure drank those fast." The guy explains, :You'd drink fast too if you had what I have." The bartender asks, "What do you have?" The guy reaches into his pocket and says, "Fifty cents!"
A guy goes into a bar and orders seven shots of tequila and one beer chaser. The bartender lines up seven shots and goes to get the beer. When he comes back with the beer only moments later, all seven shots were gone. The bartender says, "Wow! You sure drank those fast." The guy explains, :You'd drink fast too if you had what I have." The bartender asks, "What do you have?" The guy reaches into his pocket and says, "Fifty cents!"
HALLOWEEN FUNNIES part  III What kind of cereal do monsters eat? Ghost-Toasties.  Mommy, mommy, teacher keeps saying I look like a werewolf. Be quiet, dear, and go and comb your face  What kind of monster is safe to put in the washing machine? A wash and wear wolf.  What's the first thing ghosts do when they get into a car?- They boo-kle their seatbelts.  What has webbed feet, feathers, fangs and goes quack-quack? Count Duckula.  What game do little cannibals like to play at parties? Swallow the leader.  Why are monsters huge and hairy and ugly? Because if they were small and round and smooth they'd be M&M's.
HALLOWEEN FUNNIES part  III What kind of cereal do monsters eat? Ghost-Toasties.  Mommy, mommy, teacher keeps saying I look like a werewolf. Be quiet, dear, and go and comb your face  What kind of monster is safe to put in the washing machine? A wash and wear wolf.  What's the first thing ghosts do when they get into a car?- They boo-kle their seatbelts.  What has webbed feet, feathers, fangs and goes quack-quack? Count Duckula.  What game do little cannibals like to play at parties? Swallow the leader.  Why are monsters huge and hairy and ugly? Because if they were small and round and smooth they'd be M&M's.
This guy needs a job and decides to apply at the zoo. As it happened, their star attraction, a gorilla, had passed away the night before and they had carefully preserved his hide. They tell this guy that they'll pay him well if he would dress up in the gorillas skin and pretend to be the gorilla so people will keep coming to the zoo. Well, the guy has his doubts, but Hey! He needs the money, so he puts on the skin and goes out into the cage. The people all cheer to see him. He plays up to the audience and they just eat it up. This isn't so bad, he thinks, and he starts really putting on a show, jumping around, beating his chest and roaring, swinging around. During one acrobatic attempt, though, he loses his balance and crashes through some safety netting, landing square in the middle of the lion cage! As he lies there stunned, the lion roars. He's terrified and starts screaming, "Help, Help, Help!" The lion races over to him, places his paws on his chest and hisses, "Shut up or we'll BOTH lose our jobs!"
This guy needs a job and decides to apply at the zoo. As it happened, their star attraction, a gorilla, had passed away the night before and they had carefully preserved his hide. They tell this guy that they'll pay him well if he would dress up in the gorillas skin and pretend to be the gorilla so people will keep coming to the zoo. Well, the guy has his doubts, but Hey! He needs the money, so he puts on the skin and goes out into the cage. The people all cheer to see him. He plays up to the audience and they just eat it up. This isn't so bad, he thinks, and he starts really putting on a show, jumping around, beating his chest and roaring, swinging around. During one acrobatic attempt, though, he loses his balance and crashes through some safety netting, landing square in the middle of the lion cage! As he lies there stunned, the lion roars. He's terrified and starts screaming, "Help, Help, Help!" The lion races over to him, places his paws on his chest and hisses, "Shut up or we'll BOTH lose our jobs!"
Q. Why did the amoebae flunk the math test? A. Because it multiplied by dividing!
Two drunks were walking down the railroad tracks. After a couple of miles, one of them says, "Man, all these steps are killing me!" The other drunk replies, "It's not all these steps; it's these darned low handrails!"
HALLOWEEN FUNNIES part  II What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? Bamboo.  What's a haunted chicken? A poultry-geist.  Why did the monster eat a light bulb? Because he was in need of a light snack.  Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?- Have you ever tried to iron a monster?  What kind of mistakes do ghosts make? Boo boos.  Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? Because of his coffin.  Why do mummies make excellent spies? They're good at keeping things under wraps.
HALLOWEEN FUNNIES part  II What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost? Bamboo.  What's a haunted chicken? A poultry-geist.  Why did the monster eat a light bulb? Because he was in need of a light snack.  Why are most monsters covered in wrinkles?- Have you ever tried to iron a monster?  What kind of mistakes do ghosts make? Boo boos.  Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? Because of his coffin.  Why do mummies make excellent spies? They're good at keeping things under wraps.
HALLOWEEN FUNNIES part  I Why don't witches like to ride their brooms when they're angry? They're afraid of flying off the handle!  Who won the skeleton beauty contest? No body.  What do skeletons say before they begin dining? Bone appetit!  Where do baby ghosts go during the day? Dayscare centers.  Who did Frankenstein take to the prom? His ghoul friend.  What monster flies his kite in a rain storm? Benjamin Frankenstein.  What do ghosts serve for dessert? Ice Scream.  What's a monster's favorite play? Romeo and Ghouliet  What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray.
HALLOWEEN FUNNIES part  I Why don't witches like to ride their brooms when they're angry? They're afraid of flying off the handle!  Who won the skeleton beauty contest? No body.  What do skeletons say before they begin dining? Bone appetit!  Where do baby ghosts go during the day? Dayscare centers.  Who did Frankenstein take to the prom? His ghoul friend.  What monster flies his kite in a rain storm? Benjamin Frankenstein.  What do ghosts serve for dessert? Ice Scream.  What's a monster's favorite play? Romeo and Ghouliet  What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray.
Two drunks were walking down the railroad tracks. After a couple of miles, one of them says, "Man, all these steps are killing me!" The other drunk replies, "It's not all these steps; it's these darned low handrails!"
A lawyer opened the door of his BMW, when suddenly a car came along and hit the door, ripping it off completely. When the police arrived at the scene, the lawyer was complaining bitterly about the damage to his precious BMW. "Officer, look what they've done to my Beemer!" he whined. "You lawyers are so materialistic, you make me sick!" retorted the officer, "You're so worried about your stupid BMW, that you didn't even notice that your left arm was ripped off!" "Oh my god", replied the lawyer, finally noticing the bloody left shoulder where his arm once was, "Where's my Rolex!"
A lawyer opened the door of his BMW, when suddenly a car came along and hit the door, ripping it off completely. When the police arrived at the scene, the lawyer was complaining bitterly about the damage to his precious BMW. "Officer, look what they've done to my Beemer!" he whined. "You lawyers are so materialistic, you make me sick!" retorted the officer, "You're so worried about your stupid BMW, that you didn't even notice that your left arm was ripped off!" "Oh my god", replied the lawyer, finally noticing the bloody left shoulder where his arm once was, "Where's my Rolex!"
A lawyer’s son was about to enter college. He asked his son "Now how did it get into your head that you want to be a doctor instead of a lawyer?" "Well dad," answered the son, "did you ever hear anybody in a crowd gathered around a heart-attack victim shout out frantically, 'Is there a lawyer in the house?'"
A lawyer’s son was about to enter college. He asked his son "Now how did it get into your head that you want to be a doctor instead of a lawyer?" "Well dad," answered the son, "did you ever hear anybody in a crowd gathered around a heart-attack victim shout out frantically, 'Is there a lawyer in the house?'"
A man needing some legal help walks into a law firm. He asks an attorney, "If I give you $300 per hour to help answer two legal problems I have, will you help me?" The attorney replies "Sure, what's the other question?"
A man needing some legal help walks into a law firm. He asks an attorney, "If I give you $300 per hour to help answer two legal problems I have, will you help me?" The attorney replies "Sure, what's the other question?"
Why did the chicken cross the road in Missouri? To show the opossum it could be done.
Why did the chicken cross the road in Missouri? To show the opossum it could be done.
Joe had asked Bob to help him out with the deck after work, so Bob just went straight over to Joe's place. When they got to the door, Joe went straight to his wife, gave her a hug and told her how beautiful she was and how much he had missed her at work. When it was time for supper, he complimented his wife on her cooking, kissed her and told her how much he loved her. Once they were working on the deck, Bob told Joe that he was surprised that he fussed so much over his wife. Joe said that he'd started this about six months ago, it had revived their marriage, and things couldn't be better. Bob thought he'd give it a go. When he got home, he gave his wife a massive hug, kissed her and told her that he loved her. His wife burst into tears. Bob was confused and asked why she was crying. She said, "This is the worst day of my life. First, little Billy fell off his bike and twisted his ankle. Then, the washing machine broke and flooded the basement. And now, you come home drunk!"
A vertically challenged psychic was arrested one day. He escaped from jail and the newspaper headline read, "SMALL MEDIUM AT-LARGE."
A woman who died found herself standing outside the Pearly Gates, being greeted by St. Peter. She asked him, "Oh, is this place what I really think it is? It's so beautiful. Did I really make it to heaven?"  To which St. Peter replied, "Yes, my dear, these are the Gates to Heaven. But you must do one more thing before you can enter."   The woman was very excited, and asked of St. Peter what she must do to pass through the gates. "Spell a word," St. Peter replied.  "What word?" she asked.  "Any word," answered St. Peter. "It's your choice."    The woman promptly replied, "Then the word I will spell is love.L-o-v-e."  St. Peter congratulated her on her good fortune to have made it to Heaven, and asked her if she would mind taking his place at the gates for a few minutes while he went to the bathroom. "I'd be honored," she said, "but what should I do if someone comes while you are gone?"  St. Peter reassured her, and instructed the woman to simply have any newcomers to the Pearly Gates to spell a word as she had done. So the woman is left sitting in St. Peter's chair and watching the beautiful angels soaring around her when a man approaches the gates. She realizes it is her loser husband. "What happened?" she cried, "Why are you here?"  Her husband stared at her for a moment, then said, "I was so drunk when I left your funeral, I was in an accident. And now I am here? Did I really make it to Heaven?"  To which the woman replied, "Not yet. You must spell a word first."  "What word?" he asked.  The woman responded, "Czechoslovakia."
A man gets married and shortly afterwards his wife dies. A friend tries to console him and asks, "What happened to your wife?" "She died of poison from eating mushrooms," said the husband. This man gets married a second time, and not long after the marriage, this second wife dies. The same friend tries to console the grieving husband and asks, "What happened to your second wife?" "She died of poison from eating mushrooms," was also the reply from the husband. This man takes a third wife and, not very long after the marriage, the third wife dies. The consoling friend asks, "What happened to your third wife? Was it mushroom poisoning?" The grieving husband responds, "No, she died of a broken neck." "A broken neck!" replies the friend. "Yes," says the husband, "she wouldn't eat her mushrooms."
A man gets married and shortly afterwards his wife dies. A friend tries to console him and asks, "What happened to your wife?" "She died of poison from eating mushrooms," said the husband. This man gets married a second time, and not long after the marriage, this second wife dies. The same friend tries to console the grieving husband and asks, "What happened to your second wife?" "She died of poison from eating mushrooms," was also the reply from the husband. This man takes a third wife and, not very long after the marriage, the third wife dies. The consoling friend asks, "What happened to your third wife? Was it mushroom poisoning?" The grieving husband responds, "No, she died of a broken neck." "A broken neck!" replies the friend. "Yes," says the husband, "she wouldn't eat her mushrooms."
The court was listening to the testimony of the wife who sought a divorce. "Tell me explicitly," the judge directed the woman, "what fault you have found with your husband." The wife was explicit: "He's a liar, a brute, a thief and a brainless fool!" "Tut, tut!" the judge remonstrated. "I suspect you would find difficulty in proving your assertions." "Prove it!" was the retort. "Why everybody knows it." "If you knew it," his honor demanded sarcastically, "why did you marry him?" "I didn't know it before I married him." The husband interrupted angrily: "Yes she did too," he shouted. "She did so!"
The court was listening to the testimony of the wife who sought a divorce. "Tell me explicitly," the judge directed the woman, "what fault you have found with your husband." The wife was explicit: "He's a liar, a brute, a thief and a brainless fool!" "Tut, tut!" the judge remonstrated. "I suspect you would find difficulty in proving your assertions." "Prove it!" was the retort. "Why everybody knows it." "If you knew it," his honor demanded sarcastically, "why did you marry him?" "I didn't know it before I married him." The husband interrupted angrily: "Yes she did too," he shouted. "She did so!"
"Just to establish some parameters," said the professor, "Mr. Nichols, what is the opposite of joy?" "Sadness," said the student. "And the opposite of depression, Ms. Biggs?" "Elation." "And you, sir, how about the opposite of woe?" "I believe that would be giddy up..."
"Just to establish some parameters," said the professor, "Mr. Nichols, what is the opposite of joy?" "Sadness," said the student. "And the opposite of depression, Ms. Biggs?" "Elation." "And you, sir, how about the opposite of woe?" "I believe that would be giddy up..."
While driving along the back roads of a small town, two novice truckers came to an overpass with a sign that read CLEARANCE 11'3". They got out and measured their rig, which was 12'4" high..."What do you think?" one asked the other. The driver looked around carefully, then shifted into first. "Not a cop in sight. Let's take a chance!"
While driving along the back roads of a small town, two novice truckers came to an overpass with a sign that read CLEARANCE 11'3". They got out and measured their rig, which was 12'4" high..."What do you think?" one asked the other. The driver looked around carefully, then shifted into first. "Not a cop in sight. Let's take a chance!"
When the mother returned from the grocery store, her small son pulled out the box of animal crackers he had begged for. Then he spread the animal-shaped crackers all over the kitchen counter. "What are you doing?" his mom asked. "The box says you can't eat them if the seal is broken," the boy explained."I'm looking for the seal."
When the mother returned from the grocery store, her small son pulled out the box of animal crackers he had begged for. Then he spread the animal-shaped crackers all over the kitchen counter. "What are you doing?" his mom asked. "The box says you can't eat them if the seal is broken," the boy explained."I'm looking for the seal."
There was once a couple named Nancy and Mike Tate, and it was their life's dream to have a compass company. They finally saved enough money and started the Tate's Compass Company. Luck was with them, for the first contract they acquired was to manufacture 750,000 compasses for the Boy Scouts. Nancy and Mike worked feverishly day and night to meet their deadline, and finished just before the Boy Scout Jamboree was to begin. On the day of the Boy Scout Wilderness hike, each boy scout was given a Tate's Compass to help them find their way. Unfortunately, it was discovered a little too late that every single compass was made with the colored point of the needle facing the wrong way, so when one was facing North, the needle pointed to the South. Needless to say, all of the boy scouts got lost and it was the biggest fiasco known in Boy Scout history. The Tate's compass company went out of business, but from this experience came the familiar adage, "He who has a Tate's is lost." (Say it out loud).
There was once a couple named Nancy and Mike Tate, and it was their life's dream to have a compass company. They finally saved enough money and started the Tate's Compass Company. Luck was with them, for the first contract they acquired was to manufacture 750,000 compasses for the Boy Scouts. Nancy and Mike worked feverishly day and night to meet their deadline, and finished just before the Boy Scout Jamboree was to begin. On the day of the Boy Scout Wilderness hike, each boy scout was given a Tate's Compass to help them find their way. Unfortunately, it was discovered a little too late that every single compass was made with the colored point of the needle facing the wrong way, so when one was facing North, the needle pointed to the South. Needless to say, all of the boy scouts got lost and it was the biggest fiasco known in Boy Scout history. The Tate's compass company went out of business, but from this experience came the familiar adage, "He who has a Tate's is lost." (Say it out loud).
It's all in the punctuation: An English professor wrote the words, "Woman without her man is nothing" on the blackboard and directed his students to punctuate it correctly. The men wrote: "Woman, without her man, is nothing." The women wrote: "Woman: Without her, man is nothing."
It's all in the punctuation: An English professor wrote the words, "Woman without her man is nothing" on the blackboard and directed his students to punctuate it correctly. The men wrote: "Woman, without her man, is nothing." The women wrote: "Woman: Without her, man is nothing."
It says: "Press Any Key" It means: "Press any key you like but I'm not moving."  It says: "Press A Key" (This one's a programmers joke. Nothing happens unless you press the "A" key.)  It says: "Fatal Error. Please contact technical support quoting error no. 1A4-2546512430E" It means: "... where you will be kept on hold for 10 minutes, only to be told that it's a hardware problem."  It says: "Installing program to C:\&lt;Directory&gt;...." It means: "... And I'll also be writing a few files into c:\windows and c:\windows\system where you'll NEVER find them."  It says: "Please insert disk 11" It means: "Because I know darn well there are only 10 disks."  It says: "Not enough memory" It means: "I don't CARE if you've got 64MB of RAM, I want to use the bit below 640K."  It says: "Cannot read from drive D:...." It means: "... However, if you put the CD in right side up..."  It says: "Please Wait...." It means: "... Indefinitely."  It says: "Directory does not exist...." It means: ".... any more. Whoops."  It says: "The application caused an error. Choose Ignore or Close." It means: "....Makes no difference to me, you're still not getting your work back."
My son told his teacher the Indians could not possibly have served popcorn to the Pilgrims at the first Thanksgiving because they didn't have microwave ovens.
The strong young man at the construction site was bragging that he could outdo anyone in a feat of strength. He made a special case of making fun of one of the older workmen. After several minutes, the older worker had had enough. "Why don't you put your money where your mouth is," he said. "I will bet a week's wages that I can haul something in a wheelbarrow over to that outbuilding that you won't be able to wheel back." "You're on, old man," the braggart replied. "Let's see what you got." The old man reached out and grabbed the wheelbarrow by the handles. Then, nodding to the young man, he said, "All right. Get in."
The strong young man at the construction site was bragging that he could outdo anyone in a feat of strength. He made a special case of making fun of one of the older workmen. After several minutes, the older worker had had enough. "Why don't you put your money where your mouth is," he said. "I will bet a week's wages that I can haul something in a wheelbarrow over to that outbuilding that you won't be able to wheel back." "You're on, old man," the braggart replied. "Let's see what you got." The old man reached out and grabbed the wheelbarrow by the handles. Then, nodding to the young man, he said, "All right. Get in."
Father:  Don't you think our son gets his brains from me? Mother:  Probably, dear. I still have all of mine.
Father:  Don't you think our son gets his brains from me? Mother:  Probably, dear. I still have all of mine.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor? A pachydermatologist.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor? A pachydermatologist.
Three men walked into the bar to see how much it would take to get them drunk. Man number one reached his limit and passed out at 6 drinks. The other two men laughed at him and stole his money and clothes and threw him in the alley thinking how funny it would be for him when he wakes up. The two men continued the battle, drink after drink they continued all night. Finally, the naked guy in the alley woke up 12 hours later. He was quite upset and streaked into the bar to try to find the whereabouts of his friends. They were still drinking and not giving up. The first man approached them about what they did to him and asked why they still continued to drink. They said they used up all his money and sold his clothes to continue the match and would not let the other do the same to him when he passed out, so they felt they had to keep going all night. All of a sudden, the first man yells, look out, it's your wives! They jumped out of their clothes from fright and passed out on the floor. The first man said to himself, "suckers! That was fake money in my pocket. But these credit cards sure look real."
In the doctors office two patients are talking "You know, I had an appendectomy last month and the doctor left a sponge in me by mistake" "A sponge!" exclaims the other "And do you feel much pain" "No pain at all", says the first, "but do I get thirsty!"
Son: Where are the Himalayas? Father: If you'd put things away, you'd know where to find them.
Son: Where are the Himalayas? Father: If you'd put things away, you'd know where to find them.
Mr. Smith and his son Rick were called to Mrs. Liventhal's classroom. "Mr. Smith," said the teacher, "I asked Rick 'Who shot Abraham Lincoln?' and he said that he didn't do it!" "Well, teacher," said Smith, "if my kid said he didn't do it -- he didn't do it!" Father and son left the school, and on their way home, Smith turned to the boy and asked, "Tell me, son, did you do it?"
Mr. Smith and his son Rick were called to Mrs. Liventhal's classroom. "Mr. Smith," said the teacher, "I asked Rick 'Who shot Abraham Lincoln?' and he said that he didn't do it!" "Well, teacher," said Smith, "if my kid said he didn't do it -- he didn't do it!" Father and son left the school, and on their way home, Smith turned to the boy and asked, "Tell me, son, did you do it?"
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you?  A pool table.
We've all been lost and depended on our wives to act as navigator. Well, not long ago, Mrs. Jim Jr., her face buried in a map book, said "Turn here!" I did, and didn't notice the "No Left Turn" sign. Just my luck, a policeman was nearby and stopped me. I tried to explain that we were lost and I was following my wife's directions. He issued me a ticket for "Driving Under the Influence of Wife."
Here's a humorous story about a wealthy businessman as told by one of his grandchildren. Back in 1927 the businessman was bringing his wife, new baby and a nurse home from the hospital in a brand new Lincoln. As luck would have it, the car stalled on the tracks and they could hear a whistle blowing in the distance. Now, the man would rather risk his life than admit he couldn't handle any problem. He looked at his watch and said calmly, ''The 4:05 is right on time.'' ''My baby!'' screamed his wife. ''Let's get out!'' ''What! And leave a $6,000 Lincoln on the tracks!'' He snapped. ''If you will just settle down, I'll get it started.'' But nobody settled down, and the train came into view. Everyone left the car except the businessman. He leaned out the window and yelled to his wife, ''Hey Ruth. In case I get killed, the key to the vault is behind the Shakespeare book in my study.'' The conductor, slowing down for a stop anyway, managed to halt the train ten feet from the car. ''Darn!'' cursed the businessman. ''Now I've got to find a new hiding place for the vault key!''
Here's a humorous story about a wealthy businessman as told by one of his grandchildren. Back in 1927 the businessman was bringing his wife, new baby and a nurse home from the hospital in a brand new Lincoln. As luck would have it, the car stalled on the tracks and they could hear a whistle blowing in the distance. Now, the man would rather risk his life than admit he couldn't handle any problem. He looked at his watch and said calmly, ''The 4:05 is right on time.'' ''My baby!'' screamed his wife. ''Let's get out!'' ''What! And leave a $6,000 Lincoln on the tracks!'' He snapped. ''If you will just settle down, I'll get it started.'' But nobody settled down, and the train came into view. Everyone left the car except the businessman. He leaned out the window and yelled to his wife, ''Hey Ruth. In case I get killed, the key to the vault is behind the Shakespeare book in my study.'' The conductor, slowing down for a stop anyway, managed to halt the train ten feet from the car. ''Darn!'' cursed the businessman. ''Now I've got to find a new hiding place for the vault key!''
Three immigrants to the U. S. were just mastering the language. One was telling the others about the difficulty they were having in attempting to start a family. He said, "I think my wife must be impregnable." The second said," that's not the right word, she is inconceivable". To which the third replied, "You are both wrong she is unbearable."
Three immigrants to the U. S. were just mastering the language. One was telling the others about the difficulty they were having in attempting to start a family. He said, "I think my wife must be impregnable." The second said," that's not the right word, she is inconceivable". To which the third replied, "You are both wrong she is unbearable."
A head-on collision occurred between a man and a woman. Both emerged from the scene intact while their cars were totally demolished. The woman said, "This is quite a predicament. We should drink a toast to celebrate this miracle." The man replied, "What a great idea; I just happen to have a bottle with me." With this he handed it to the man. The man downed half the bottle and handed it back. The woman would not take it back and said, "I think I will wait until after the police arrive to celebrate."
A rather naive gentleman was found by a friend sitting on the floor eating a pound of butter and a quart of ice cream. The friend asked him what he thought he was doing. The reply, "My doctor told me to go on a low fat diet.
A rather naive gentleman was found by a friend sitting on the floor eating a pound of butter and a quart of ice cream. The friend asked him what he thought he was doing. The reply, "My doctor told me to go on a low fat diet.
The old man approached a young stranger in the post office and asked, "Sir, would you address this postcard for me?" The man gladly did so, and then offered to write a short note for the old fellow. Finally the stranger asked, "Now, is there anything else I can do for you?" The old man thought a moment and said, "Yes, at the end could you add, Please excuse the sloppy handwriting."
There are two legionnaires in the desert, and they've been separated from their unit and are lost. They've been wandering for several days without food and water, and are nearly resigned to the fact that they will soon die from dehydration, when as they reach the top of a sand dune, they see a big, bustling market laid out before them. Naturally, they can't believe their eyes and think it's a mirage, but as they draw closer, they can hear the stallholders' cries, and they eventually reach the market and realize that it's really there.   So the legionnaires rush up to the first stall they can and cry to the stallholder, "Stallholder, we have been traveling in the desert for many days, and have had no food or water. We shall surely die soon unless you have some water you can sell us - tell us, do you have any sustenance for us?"  The stallholder shook his head and replied, "I'm sorry, French legionnaire type people, but all I have to sell is a load of bowls full of jelly, topped with custard and cream, and lovingly sprinkled with hundreds and thousands." The legionnaires look at each other, mildly surprised, and move on to the next stall, where they ask the stallholder, "Mr. purveyor of fine foodstuffs and the like, we have been traveling through the desert for days, deprived of the necessary beverages and foodstuffs which are required for survival. We shall surely die soon, unless you can sell us some skins of water."  The stallholder looked at them embarrassed and then confessed. "Gentlemen, tragic as I admit it is, I have none of the ingredients necessary to life for which you ask me - all I have to sell is this large bowl of jelly topped with custard and cream and sprinkled with hundreds and thousands, with a little cocktail cherry in the middle at the top - there," he said, pointing out the glace cherry. "I cannot help you."   The legionnaires look at each other in desperation, and run on to the next stall, where they demand of the stallholder, "Look mate, we need water or we'll die. We've been traveling without water for days and need some now, do you have any you can sell us?"   The stallholder looked at his curl-ended shoes in shame as he confessed, "Sorry, fellas, all I have to sell you is a bowl of jelly, with custard, cream and hundreds and thousands. I can't help you. I'll have to condemn you to a long and lingering death through dehydration."   The legionnaires were really worried by this point, and they went through the market, stall by stall, asking each stallholder whether they had any water they could sell them, and thus save their lives, but each stallholder gave the same reply, all they had to sell was a bowl of jelly with cream, custard and hundreds and thousands. Dejected and resigned to their grim fate, the legionnaires left the desert market and walked off into the setting sun. As they did so, one turned to the other and said, "That was really odd - a big market in the middle of nowhere, and all they sold was bowls of jelly with custard, cream and hundreds and thousands."   The other turned to face his companion and replied, "Yes, it was a trifle bazaar."
What do you call a yard that crossed the road? A crossing yard. What cools down as it heats up? An air conditioner. What kind of phone does a turtle have? A shell-ular phone.
A lawyer was cross-examining the doctor about whether or not he had checked the pulse of the deceased before he signed the death certificate. "No," the doctor said. "I did not check his pulse." "And did you listen for a heartbeat?" asked the lawyer. "No I did not," the doctor said. "So," said the lawyer, "when you signed the death certificate, you had not taken steps to make sure he was dead." The doctor said, "Well, let me put it this way. The man's brain was in a jar on my desk but, for all I know, he could be out practicing law somewhere."
A young man, who was also an avid golfer, found himself with a few hours to spare one afternoon. He figured that if he hurried and played very fast, he could get in 9 holes before he had to head home. Just as he was about to tee off, an old gentleman shuffled onto the tee and asked if he could accompany the young man as he was golfing alone. Not being able to say no, he allowed the old man to join him. To his surprise, the old man played fairly quickly. He didn't hit the ball far, but plodded along consistently and didn't waste much time. Finally, they reached the 9th fairway and the young man found himself with a tough shot. There was a large pine tree right in front of his ball and directly between his ball and the green. After several minutes of debating how to hit the shot, the old man finally said, "You know, when I was your age, I'd hit the ball right over that tree." With that challenge placed before him, the youngster swung hard, hit the ball up, right smack into the top of the tree trunk and it thudded back on the ground not a foot from where it had originally laid. The old man offered one more comment, "Of course, when I was your age, that pine tree was only 3 feet tall."
A young man, who was also an avid golfer, found himself with a few hours to spare one afternoon. He figured that if he hurried and played very fast, he could get in 9 holes before he had to head home. Just as he was about to tee off, an old gentleman shuffled onto the tee and asked if he could accompany the young man as he was golfing alone. Not being able to say no, he allowed the old man to join him. To his surprise, the old man played fairly quickly. He didn't hit the ball far, but plodded along consistently and didn't waste much time. Finally, they reached the 9th fairway and the young man found himself with a tough shot. There was a large pine tree right in front of his ball and directly between his ball and the green. After several minutes of debating how to hit the shot, the old man finally said, "You know, when I was your age, I'd hit the ball right over that tree." With that challenge placed before him, the youngster swung hard, hit the ball up, right smack into the top of the tree trunk and it thudded back on the ground not a foot from where it had originally laid. The old man offered one more comment, "Of course, when I was your age, that pine tree was only 3 feet tall."
  Sitting on the side of the highway waiting to catch speeding drivers, a State Police Officer sees a car puttering along at 22 MPH. He thinks to himself, this driver is just as dangerous as a speeder!" So he turns on his lights and pulls the driver over. Approaching the car, he notices that there are five old ladies -- two in the front seat and three in the back -- wide eyed and white as ghosts. The driver, obviously confused, says to him, Officer, I don't understand, I was doing exactly the speed limit! What seems to be the problem? "Ma'am," the officer replies, you weren't speeding, but you should know that driving slower than the speed limit can also be a danger to other drivers. Slower than the speed limit?  No sir, I was doing the speed limit exactly... Twenty-two miles an hour! "The old woman says a bit proudly. The State Police officer, trying to contain a chuckle explains to her that 22" was the route number, not the speed limit. A bit embarrassed, the woman grinned and thanked the officer for pointing out her error. But before I let you go, Ma'am, I have to ask... Is everyone in this car OK? These women seem awfully shaken and they haven't muttered a single peep this whole time, "the officer asks. Oh, they'll be all right in a minute officer. We just got off Route 119." 
A married couple was celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary. At the party everybody wanted to know how they managed to stay married so long in this day and age. The husband responded "When we were first married we came to an agreement. I would make all the major decisions and my wife would make all the minor decisions. And in 60 years of marriage we have never needed to make a major decision."
A married couple was celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary. At the party everybody wanted to know how they managed to stay married so long in this day and age. The husband responded "When we were first married we came to an agreement. I would make all the major decisions and my wife would make all the minor decisions. And in 60 years of marriage we have never needed to make a major decision."
There's this little guy sitting inside a bar, just looking at his drink. He stays like that for half-an-hour. Then, this big trouble-making truck driver steps next to him, takes the drink from the guy, and just drinks it all down. The poor man starts crying. The truck driver says: "Come on man, I was just joking. Here, I'll buy you another drink. I just can't see a man crying."  "No, it's not that. Today day is the worst of my life. First, I overslept and was late to an important meeting. My boss, outrageous, fired me. When I left the building to my car, I found out it was stolen. The police, they said they could do nothing. I got a cab to return home, and after I paid the cab driver and the cab had gone, I found that I left my whole wallet in the cab. I got home only to find my wife was in bed with the gardener. I left home and came to this bar. And when I was thinking about putting an end to my life, you show up and drink my poison ..."
There's this little guy sitting inside a bar, just looking at his drink. He stays like that for half-an-hour. Then, this big trouble-making truck driver steps next to him, takes the drink from the guy, and just drinks it all down. The poor man starts crying. The truck driver says: "Come on man, I was just joking. Here, I'll buy you another drink. I just can't see a man crying."  "No, it's not that. Today day is the worst of my life. First, I overslept and was late to an important meeting. My boss, outrageous, fired me. When I left the building to my car, I found out it was stolen. The police, they said they could do nothing. I got a cab to return home, and after I paid the cab driver and the cab had gone, I found that I left my whole wallet in the cab. I got home only to find my wife was in bed with the gardener. I left home and came to this bar. And when I was thinking about putting an end to my life, you show up and drink my poison ..."
A man goes to his doctor for a complete checkup. He hasn't been feeling well and wants to find out if he's ill. After the checkup the doctor comes out with the results of the examination. "I'm afraid I have some bad news. You're dying and you don't have much time," the doctor says."Oh no, that's terrible. How long have I got?" the man asks. "10..." says the doctor." 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks? What?!" he asks desperately."10...9...8...7..."
A pipe burst in a doctor's house. He called a plumber. The plumber arrived, unpacked his tools, did mysterious plumber-type things for a while, and handed the doctor a bill for $600. The doctor exclaimed, "This is ridiculous! I don't even make that much as a doctor!." The plumber quietly answered, "Neither did I when I was a doctor."
A young woman went to her doctor complaining of pain. "Where are you hurting?" asked the doctor."You have to help me, I hurt all over", said the woman. "What do you mean, all over?" asked the doctor, "be a little more specific." The woman touched her right knee with her index finger and yelled, "Ow, that hurts." Then she touched her left cheek and again yelled, "Ouch! That hurts, too." Then she touched her right earlobe, "Ow, even THAT hurts", she cried. The doctor checked her thoughtfully for a moment and told her his diagnosis, "You have a broken finger."
A young woman went to her doctor complaining of pain. "Where are you hurting?" asked the doctor."You have to help me, I hurt all over", said the woman. "What do you mean, all over?" asked the doctor, "be a little more specific." The woman touched her right knee with her index finger and yelled, "Ow, that hurts." Then she touched her left cheek and again yelled, "Ouch! That hurts, too." Then she touched her right earlobe, "Ow, even THAT hurts", she cried. The doctor checked her thoughtfully for a moment and told her his diagnosis, "You have a broken finger."
One day a little girl came home from school, and said to her mother, "Mommy, today in school I was punished for something that I didn't do." The mother exclaimed, "But that's terrible! I'm going to have a talk with your teacher about this ... by the way, what was it that you didn't do?" The little girl replied, "My homework."
"Dad, Can you write in the dark?" "I think so. What is it you want me to write?" "Your name on this report card."
"Dad, Can you write in the dark?"  "I think so. What is it you want me to write?"  "Your name on this report card."
"The doctor said he would have me on my feet in two weeks." "And did he?" "Yes, I had to sell the car to pay the bill."
"Doctor, doctor, will I be able to play the violin after the operation?" "Yes, of course..." "Great! I never could before!"
"Doctor, doctor, will I be able to play the violin after the operation?" "Yes, of course..." "Great! I never could before!"
There was a man who had a pool installed. It was a very elaborate pool with tiles imported from Russia. One day, he walked out to his wonderful pool to find it covered with algae. He quickly called the fellow who had installed the pool and asked him what he should do. "It's obvious," said the pool man, "you need to get a couple of porpoises."  "Porpoises?" inquired the man. "Yes, the porpoises will eat the algae, and you'll be the only person on your block to have porpoises."   So the man bought two porpoises, and they ate the algae and gave the man someone to swim with, that is, until the porpoises got extremely sick. The man immediately called his friend, who was a marine biologist.  "You know," said the friend, "if you feed porpoises seagulls, they will liven forever."  So, the man drove to a pet store that specialized in exotic pets and bought two sacks full of seagulls. On his way home, a disturbing message screeched from the car radio. The announcer said that the lion had escaped from the state zoo, but no one should worry because the lion was quite old and had lost all of his teeth. The man breathed a sigh of relief. When he got home, oddly enough, the lion was sleeping on his front porch. The man decided he'd call the police later about the lion and, seagulls in hand, stepped over the lion. Then, the police drove up and arrested the man. Why? For transporting gulls over the state lion for immortal porpoises.
A motorcycle cop sees a guy in a station wagon loaded with penguins. The cop, sensing something suspicious, immediately pulls the station wagon over. "You can't drive around with all those penguins," he tells the man. "You need to take them to the zoo." "Good idea," replies the driver. The cop then lets him drive away. The next day, the same cop notices the same station wagon drive by. This time, he notices that all the penguins are wearing sunglasses.  "I thought I told you to take these penguins to the zoo, sir!" he tells the driver emphatically. "But I did, officer. And they liked it so much that today we're going to the beach."
What do you call an anesthesiologist who shows up for work wearing a rabbit suit? An ether bunny!
Q: How many folk singers does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two — One to change the bulb, and one to write a song about how good the old light bulb was. Q: How many gorillas does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Only one, but it sure takes a whole lot of light bulbs!
Q: How many folk singers does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two — One to change the bulb, and one to write a song about how good the old light bulb was. Q: How many gorillas does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Only one, but it sure takes a whole lot of light bulbs!
One night a police officer was staking out a particularly rowdy bar for possible DUI violations. At closing time, he saw a fellow tumble out of the bar, trip on the curb, and try his keys in five different cars before he found his. Then he sat in the front seat fumbling around with his keys for several minutes.  Everyone else left the bar and drove off. Finally he started his engine and began to pull away. The police officer was waiting for him. He stopped the driver, read him his rights and administered the Breathalyzer test. The results showed a reading of 0.0.  The puzzled officer demanded to know how that could be. The driver replied, "Tonight I'm the designated decoy.”
What do you call a yard that crossed the road? A crossing yard. What cools down as it heats up? An air conditioner. What kind of phone does a turtle have? A shell-ular phone.
Where do magicians always buy fairy bread? In an 'elf' shop
One morning the lion is feeling especially ferocious. He saunters over to a monkey swinging in a tree and roars, "Who's the king of this jungle?" The monkey scampers down from the tree, bows to the lion and stammered, "Wh..wh...why you are Mr. Lion." A few minutes later, the lion comes across a warthog. He stops in front of the animal and asks, "Who's the baddest dude in this jungle?" The warthog hid his face in the dirt and whispered, "You're the baddest, King Lion." This continues all morning long with animal after animal bowing and scraping to the lion. Finally the lion comes across an 80-year-old bull elephant. He bellows at the elephant, "Who's the king of this jungle? Who owns this place?" With that the elephant wrapped his trunk around the lion's belly. He raised the lion 12 feet in the air and slammed his head against the ground. After that he slammed the lion into a tree on the right and then into another tree on the left. Finally, the elephant swung his trunk and threw the lion 35 feet away where the lion landed in a thorn bush. As the elephant lumbered down the trail the lion shook his paw and shouted, "Just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get an attitude!"
One morning the lion is feeling especially ferocious. He saunters over to a monkey swinging in a tree and roars, "Who's the king of this jungle?" The monkey scampers down from the tree, bows to the lion and stammered, "Wh..wh...why you are Mr. Lion." A few minutes later, the lion comes across a warthog. He stops in front of the animal and asks, "Who's the baddest dude in this jungle?" The warthog hid his face in the dirt and whispered, "You're the baddest, King Lion." This continues all morning long with animal after animal bowing and scraping to the lion. Finally the lion comes across an 80-year-old bull elephant. He bellows at the elephant, "Who's the king of this jungle? Who owns this place?" With that the elephant wrapped his trunk around the lion's belly. He raised the lion 12 feet in the air and slammed his head against the ground. After that he slammed the lion into a tree on the right and then into another tree on the left. Finally, the elephant swung his trunk and threw the lion 35 feet away where the lion landed in a thorn bush. As the elephant lumbered down the trail the lion shook his paw and shouted, "Just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get an attitude!"
A motorcycle cop sees a guy in a station wagon loaded with penguins. The cop, sensing something suspicious, immediately pulls the station wagon over. "You can't drive around with all those penguins," he tells the man. "You need to take them to the zoo." "Good idea," replies the driver. The cop then lets him drive away. The next day, the same cop notices the same station wagon drive by. This time, he notices that all the penguins are wearing sunglasses.  "I thought I told you to take these penguins to the zoo, sir!" he tells the driver emphatically. "But I did, officer. And they liked it so much that today we're going to the beach."
A magician was employed by a Shipping Line to entertain the passengers during cruises. The captain owned a parrot which always insisted on being part of the acts put on by the magician. He would perch on the edge of the stage and screech, "He does it with a mirror" or "He's got it up his sleeve." The magician was furious, but since the bird was a favorite with the captain and he was anxious to retain his position for future cruises, he maintained an angry silence. One evening as the magician worked, the parrot continued to harass the unfortunate man. Sadly the ship ran into a mine which had become detached from the sea floor after a storm. The explosion tore the bow off the ship which sank within a few minutes. Amid the wreckage and the lifeboats, the magician sat on one end of a table from the first class dining room. At the other end sat the parrot, dirty and disheveled, his feathers caked with fuel oil. For some time they eyed each other malevolently saying nothing. Finally the parrot shook himself and advanced across the table. He fixed the magician with a beady eye. "Okay, I give up," he squawked. "What did you do with the ship?"
A magician was employed by a Shipping Line to entertain the passengers during cruises. The captain owned a parrot which always insisted on being part of the acts put on by the magician. He would perch on the edge of the stage and screech, "He does it with a mirror" or "He's got it up his sleeve." The magician was furious, but since the bird was a favorite with the captain and he was anxious to retain his position for future cruises, he maintained an angry silence. One evening as the magician worked, the parrot continued to harass the unfortunate man. Sadly the ship ran into a mine which had become detached from the sea floor after a storm. The explosion tore the bow off the ship which sank within a few minutes. Amid the wreckage and the lifeboats, the magician sat on one end of a table from the first class dining room. At the other end sat the parrot, dirty and disheveled, his feathers caked with fuel oil. For some time they eyed each other malevolently saying nothing. Finally the parrot shook himself and advanced across the table. He fixed the magician with a beady eye. "Okay, I give up," he squawked. "What did you do with the ship?"
What do you call an anesthesiologist who shows up for work wearing a rabbit suit? An ether bunny!
A doctor traveling by car along a country road collides with an attorney who happens to be driving in the opposite direction. The attorney, seeing that the doctor is a bit shaken up, helps him from the car and offers him a drink of Scotch from his hip flask. The doctor accepts, took a long drink and hands the flask back to the attorney, who closes it and puts it away. "Aren't you going to have a drink yourself?" asks the doctor. The attorney replies, "Sure — as soon as the police leave."
A doctor traveling by car along a country road collides with an attorney who happens to be driving in the opposite direction. The attorney, seeing that the doctor is a bit shaken up, helps him from the car and offers him a drink of Scotch from his hip flask. The doctor accepts, took a long drink and hands the flask back to the attorney, who closes it and puts it away. "Aren't you going to have a drink yourself?" asks the doctor. The attorney replies, "Sure — as soon as the police leave."
An engineer dies and reports to the pearly gates. St. Peter checks his dossier and says, "Ah, you're an engineer — you're in the wrong place." So the engineer reports to the gates of hell and is let in. Pretty soon, the engineer gets dissatisfied with the level of comfort in hell, and starts designing and building improvements. After a while, they've got air conditioning, flush toilets and escalators, and the engineer is becoming a pretty popular guy. One day God calls Satan up on the telephone and asks with a sneer, "So, how's it going down there in hell?" Satan replies, "Hey, things are going great. We've got air conditioning, flush toilets and escalators, and there's no telling what this engineer is going to come up with next." God replies, "What??? You've got an engineer? That's a mistake — he should never have gotten down there; send him up here." Satan says, "No way! I like having an engineer on the staff, and I'm keeping him." God says, "Send him back up here or I'll sue." Satan laughs uproariously and answers, "Yeah right. And just where are YOU going to get a lawyer?"
Before going to Europe on business, a man drives his Rolls-Royce to a downtown New York City bank and asks for an immediate loan of $5,000. The loan officer, taken aback, requests collateral. "Well then, here are the keys to my Rolls-Royce," the man says. The loan officer promptly has the car driven into the bank's underground parking for safe keeping and gives the man the $5,000. Two weeks later, the man walks through the bank's doors and asks to settle up his loan and get his car back. "That will be $5,000 in principal, and $15.40 in interest," the loan officer says. The man writes out a check and starts to walk away. "Wait, sir," the loan officer says. "You are a millionaire. Why in the world would you need to borrow $5,000?"   The man smiles, "Where else could I find a safer place to park my Rolls-Royce in Manhattan for two weeks and pay only $15.40?"
Before going to Europe on business, a man drives his Rolls-Royce to a downtown New York City bank and asks for an immediate loan of $5,000. The loan officer, taken aback, requests collateral. "Well then, here are the keys to my Rolls-Royce," the man says. The loan officer promptly has the car driven into the bank's underground parking for safe keeping and gives the man the $5,000. Two weeks later, the man walks through the bank's doors and asks to settle up his loan and get his car back. "That will be $5,000 in principal, and $15.40 in interest," the loan officer says. The man writes out a check and starts to walk away. "Wait, sir," the loan officer says. "You are a millionaire. Why in the world would you need to borrow $5,000?"   The man smiles, "Where else could I find a safer place to park my Rolls-Royce in Manhattan for two weeks and pay only $15.40?"
A man walking down the street noticed a small boy trying to reach the doorbell of a house. Even when he jumped up, he couldn't quite reach it.The man decided to help the boy, walked up on to the porch and pushed the doorbell. He looked down at the boy, smiled and asked, "What now?" The boy answered, "Now we run like crazy!"
A man walking down the street noticed a small boy trying to reach the doorbell of a house. Even when he jumped up, he couldn't quite reach it.The man decided to help the boy, walked up on to the porch and pushed the doorbell. He looked down at the boy, smiled and asked, "What now?" The boy answered, "Now we run like crazy!"
Q: How can you tell when a lawyer is lying? A: His lips are moving.
Q: How can you tell when a lawyer is lying? A: His lips are moving.
A ventriloquist is working in a small rural town and during his show a local stands up and yells, "HEY YOU! ON STAGE! You been making smart-aleck remarks about us small-town folk being stupid all night long! We're not all stupid, ya know!" "Relax" said the ventriloquist, "They're just jokes!"  "I'm not talking to you, sir!" The rube replied, "I'm talking to that little fella sitting on your knee!"
A ventriloquist is working in a small rural town and during his show a local stands up and yells, "HEY YOU! ON STAGE! You been making smart-aleck remarks about us small-town folk being stupid all night long! We're not all stupid, ya know!" "Relax" said the ventriloquist, "They're just jokes!"  "I'm not talking to you, sir!" The rube replied, "I'm talking to that little fella sitting on your knee!"
A city slicker moves to the country and decides he's going to start farming. He goes to the local co-op and tells the man, "Give me 100 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. A week later the man returns and says, "Give me 200 baby chickens." The co-op man complies. Again, a week later the man returns. This time he says, "Give me 500 baby chickens." "Wow!" the co-op man replies. "You must really be doing well. "Naw," said the man with a sigh. "I'm either planting them too deep or too far apart!"
The world's most incredibly lazy man found a magic lamp. He rubbed it and a genie appeared and granted him three wishes. He wished for a horse, a sumo wrestler and a squirrel. "They're yours, but what are they for?" the genie asked. "I'm tired of walking everywhere--I want to just ride the horse. The sumo wrestler is so that I won't have to work to get on the horse." "But the squirrel?" asked the genie. "I need something to go 'click-click' to start the horse!!!"
The world's most incredibly lazy man found a magic lamp. He rubbed it and a genie appeared and granted him three wishes. He wished for a horse, a sumo wrestler and a squirrel. "They're yours, but what are they for?" the genie asked. "I'm tired of walking everywhere--I want to just ride the horse. The sumo wrestler is so that I won't have to work to get on the horse." "But the squirrel?" asked the genie. "I need something to go 'click-click' to start the horse!!!"
A college graduate applies for a job as an industrial spy. Together with several other applicants, he is given a sealed envelope and told to take it to the fourth floor. As soon as the young man is alone, he steps into an empty hallway and opens the packet. Inside, a message reads: "You're our kind of person. Report to the fifth floor."
A college graduate applies for a job as an industrial spy. Together with several other applicants, he is given a sealed envelope and told to take it to the fourth floor. As soon as the young man is alone, he steps into an empty hallway and opens the packet. Inside, a message reads: "You're our kind of person. Report to the fifth floor."
Q: Why don't cannibals eat clowns? A: Because they taste funny
Q: Why don't cannibals eat clowns? A: Because they taste funny
Q: How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper?? A: Don't know. It’s never been done!!!!
Q: How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper?? A: Don't know. It’s never been done!!!!
A panda bear walks into a bar and orders a sandwich. The waiter brings him the sandwich. The panda bear eats it, pulls out a pistol, kills the waiter, and gets up and starts to walk out. The bartender yells for him to stop. The panda bear asks, "What do you want?" The bartender replies, "First you come in here, order food, kill my waiter, then try to go without paying for your food." The panda bear turns around and says, "Hey! I'm a Panda. Look it up!" The bartender goes into the back room and looks up panda bear in the encyclopedia, which read: "Panda: a bear-like marsupial originating in Asian regions. Known largely for it's stark black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A panda bear walks into a bar and orders a sandwich. The waiter brings him the sandwich. The panda bear eats it, pulls out a pistol, kills the waiter, and gets up and starts to walk out. The bartender yells for him to stop. The panda bear asks, "What do you want?" The bartender replies, "First you come in here, order food, kill my waiter, then try to go without paying for your food." The panda bear turns around and says, "Hey! I'm a Panda. Look it up!" The bartender goes into the back room and looks up panda bear in the encyclopedia, which read: "Panda: a bear-like marsupial originating in Asian regions. Known largely for it's stark black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A hobo (wanderer) comes up to the front door of a neat looking farmhouse and raps gently on the door. When the farm owner answers, the hobo asks him, "Please, sir, could you give me something to eat? I haven't had a good meal in several days." The owner says, "I have made a fortune in my lifetime by supplying goods for people. I've never given anything away for nothing. However, if you go around the back, you will see a gallon of paint and a clean paint brush. If you will paint my porch in the back of the house, I will give you a good meal." So the hobo goes around back and a while later he again knocks on the door. The owner asks, "Finished already? Good. Come on in. Sit down. The cook will bring your meal right in." The hobo says, "Thank you very much, sir. But there's something that I think you should know. It's not a Porsche you got there. It's a BMW.."
A hobo (wanderer) comes up to the front door of a neat looking farmhouse and raps gently on the door. When the farm owner answers, the hobo asks him, "Please, sir, could you give me something to eat? I haven't had a good meal in several days." The owner says, "I have made a fortune in my lifetime by supplying goods for people. I've never given anything away for nothing. However, if you go around the back, you will see a gallon of paint and a clean paint brush. If you will paint my porch in the back of the house, I will give you a good meal." So the hobo goes around back and a while later he again knocks on the door. The owner asks, "Finished already? Good. Come on in. Sit down. The cook will bring your meal right in." The hobo says, "Thank you very much, sir. But there's something that I think you should know. It's not a Porsche you got there. It's a BMW.."
Q: How many Microsoft engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None. They just declare darkness the standard
Q: How many Microsoft engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None. They just declare darkness the standard
A psychiatrist’s secretary went into her boss's office. Secretary: "Sir, someone would like to see you. Claims he's invisible." Psychiatrist: "Tell him I can't see him."
A psychiatrist’s secretary went into her boss's office. Secretary: "Sir, someone would like to see you. Claims he's invisible." Psychiatrist: "Tell him I can't see him."
Father: "Son, when Abraham Lincoln was your age, he walked 12 miles to school." Son: "Dad, when Abraham Lincoln was your age, he was President."
Two brothers were always getting into trouble in their neighborhood. The people in the neighborhood started complaining to the parents about the boys. So the boys parents decided to have their priest talk to the boys. The priest asks to speak to the boys alone, requesting to see the youngest first. The young boy comes in and sits at a large table across the room from the priest. The priest looks at the boy, points at him and, trying to emphasize that God is in everyone, asks, "Where is God?" The boy looks around the room and back at the priest and says nothing. Again, the priest points at the boy and in a louder voice asks, "Where is God?" The boy says nothing. The priest walks around the table, pointing inches from the boy’s face and asks again, "Where is God?" The boy jumps out of his chair and runs out the door. The boy runs right home, grabs his older brother and says to him, "We are in BIG trouble!" His brother replies, "We haven't done anything!" The younger brother replies, "God's missing, and they think we did it!"
There are two cows out in a field in Britain. One cow turns to the other and asks, "Are you worried about this Mad Cow disease?" The other cow responds, "Nope." The first cow exclaims, "How can you say that? Cows all over England are getting it. I'm scared stiff!" The other cow just looks at him and says, "Mad Cow disease, why should I be worried? I'm a helicopter."
There are two cows out in a field in Britain. One cow turns to the other and asks, "Are you worried about this Mad Cow disease?" The other cow responds, "Nope." The first cow exclaims, "How can you say that? Cows all over England are getting it. I'm scared stiff!" The other cow just looks at him and says, "Mad Cow disease, why should I be worried? I'm a helicopter."
A lady awoke one morning and discovered her dog was not moving. She called her vet who asked her to bring the dog in. After a brief examination, the vet pronounced the dog dead. "Are you sure?", the distraught woman asked. "He was a great family pet.Isn't there anything else you can do?" The vet paused for a moment and said, "There is one more thing we can do." He left the room for a moment and came back carrying a large cage with a cat in it. The vet opened the cage door and the cat walked over to the dog. The cat sniffed the dog from head to toe and walked back to the cage. "Well, that confirms it." the vet announced. "Your dog is dead." Satisfied that the vet had done everything he possibly could, the woman sighed, "How much do I owe you?" "That will be $330." the vet replied. "I don't believe it!", screamed the woman. "What did you do that cost $330????" "Well", the vet replied, "it's $30 for the office visit and $300 for the cat scan."
A football coach had a star quarterback who was as dumb as a post. The only way the kid could stay on the team would be to pass all his classes, which was impossible. All his teachers agreed to go easy on him except for one, his math teacher. The coach begged the math teacher to not fail the kid. The math teacher agreed to give the boy an oral exam which, if he passed, would count for class credit. The coach came to the exam to support his star athlete. The math teacher asked only one question for the exam: "What is two plus two?" "Four," the athlete answered. The football coach went into a panic and yelled, "Give him another chance! Just one more chance!"
There is a story about a monastery in Europe perched high on a cliff several hundred feet in the air. The only way to reach the monastery was to be suspended in a basket, which was pulled to the top by several monks who pulled and tugged with all their strength. Obviously the ride up the steep cliff in that basket was terrifying. One tourist got exceedingly nervous about halfway up as he noticed that the rope by which he was suspended was old and frayed. With a trembling voice he asked the monk who was riding with him in the basket how often they changed the rope. The monk thought for a moment and answered brusquely, "Whenever it breaks."
There is a story about a monastery in Europe perched high on a cliff several hundred feet in the air. The only way to reach the monastery was to be suspended in a basket, which was pulled to the top by several monks who pulled and tugged with all their strength. Obviously the ride up the steep cliff in that basket was terrifying. One tourist got exceedingly nervous about halfway up as he noticed that the rope by which he was suspended was old and frayed. With a trembling voice he asked the monk who was riding with him in the basket how often they changed the rope. The monk thought for a moment and answered brusquely, "Whenever it breaks."
The difference between men and women A man is driving up a steep, narrow mountain road. A woman is driving down the same road. As they pass each other, the woman leans out the window and yells, "PIG!" The man immediately leans out his window and replies, "Stupid!" They each continue on their way, and as the man rounds the next corner he slams into a pig in the middle of the road.
The difference between men and women A man is driving up a steep, narrow mountain road. A woman is driving down the same road. As they pass each other, the woman leans out the window and yells, "PIG!" The man immediately leans out his window and replies, "Stupid!" They each continue on their way, and as the man rounds the next corner he slams into a pig in the middle of the road.
So one day, Gramma sent her grandson Johnny down to the water hole to get some water for cooking dinner. As he was dipping the bucket in, he saw two big eyes looking back at him. He dropped the bucket and hightailed it for Gramma's kitchen. "Well now, where's my bucket and where's my water?" Gramma asked him. "I can't get any water from that water hole, Gramma" exclaimed Johnny. "There's a BIG ol' alligator down there!" "Now don't you mind that ol' alligator, Johnny. He's been there for a few years now, and he's never hurt no one. Why, he's probably as scared of you as you are of him!" "Well, Gramma," replied Johnny, "if he's as scared of me as I am of him, then that water ain't fit to drink!"
So one day, Gramma sent her grandson Johnny down to the water hole to get some water for cooking dinner. As he was dipping the bucket in, he saw two big eyes looking back at him. He dropped the bucket and hightailed it for Gramma's kitchen. "Well now, where's my bucket and where's my water?" Gramma asked him. "I can't get any water from that water hole, Gramma" exclaimed Johnny. "There's a BIG ol' alligator down there!" "Now don't you mind that ol' alligator, Johnny. He's been there for a few years now, and he's never hurt no one. Why, he's probably as scared of you as you are of him!" "Well, Gramma," replied Johnny, "if he's as scared of me as I am of him, then that water ain't fit to drink!"
Q: Why do ducks have webbed feet? A: To stamp out forest fires. Q: Why do elephants have flat feet? A: To stamp out burning ducks.
Q: Why do ducks have webbed feet? A: To stamp out forest fires. Q: Why do elephants have flat feet? A: To stamp out burning ducks.
Harry had a bit of a drinking problem. Every night, after dinner, he took off for the local watering hole, spent the entire evening there and arrived home, well inebriated, around midnight each night. He always had trouble getting his key into the keyhole and getting the door opened. His wife, waiting up for him, would go to the door and let him in. Then she would proceed to yell and scream at him for his constant nights out and his returned drunken state. But Harry continued his nightly routine. One day, the wife, distraught by it all, talked to a friend about her husband's behavior.The friend listened to her and then asked, "Why don't you treat him a little differently when he comes home? Instead of berating him, why don't you give him some loving words and welcome him home with a kiss? He then might change his ways." The wife thought it was worth trying. That night, Harry took off again after dinner. Around midnight, he arrived home in his usual condition. His wife heard Harry at the door and let him in. This time, instead of berating him as she had always done, she took his arm and led him into the living room. She sat him down in an easy chair, put his feet up on the ottoman and took his shoes off. Then she went behind him and started to cuddle him a little. After a while, she said to him, "It's pretty late. I think we had better go upstairs to bed now, don't you?"  At that, Harry replied in his inebriated state, "I guess we might as well. I'll get in trouble if I go home anyway!"
A lady awoke one morning and discovered her dog was not moving. She called her vet who asked her to bring the dog in. After a brief examination, the vet pronounced the dog dead. "Are you sure?", the distraught woman asked. "He was a great family pet.Isn't there anything else you can do?" The vet paused for a moment and said, "There is one more thing we can do." He left the room for a moment and came back carrying a large cage with a cat in it. The vet opened the cage door and the cat walked over to the dog. The cat sniffed the dog from head to toe and walked back to the cage. "Well, that confirms it." the vet announced. "Your dog is dead." Satisfied that the vet had done everything he possibly could, the woman sighed, "How much do I owe you?" "That will be $330." the vet replied. "I don't believe it!", screamed the woman. "What did you do that cost $330????" "Well", the vet replied, "it's $30 for the office visit and $300 for the cat scan."
"Do you believe in life after death?" the boss asked one of his employees.  "Yes, sir," the clerk replied.  "That's good," the boss said. "After you left early yesterday to go to your grandmother's funeral, she stopped in to see you."
"Do you believe in life after death?" the boss asked one of his employees. "Yes, sir," the clerk replied. "That's good," the boss said. "After you left early yesterday to go to your grandmother's funeral, she stopped in to see you."
A man entered his doctor's office with a cucumber up his nose, a carrot in his left ear and a banana stuck in his right ear. "Doc," he asked, "What's wrong with me?" "Simple," replied the doctor, "You aren't eating right."
A man entered his doctor's office with a cucumber up his nose, a carrot in his left ear and a banana stuck in his right ear. "Doc," he asked, "What's wrong with me?" "Simple," replied the doctor, "You aren't eating right."
-Doctor,doctor,what did you say.... Piscis, Aquarius...??? -No! I said Cancer.!!!
-A man goes to the dentist and says: -My teeth are kind of yellow, what do you recommend? -A brown tie!!!
-A man goes to the dentist and says: -My teeth are kind of yellow, what do you recommend? -A brown tie!!!
Once upon a time, a beautiful, independent, self-assured  princess happened upon a frog in a pond. The frog said to the princess, " I once was a handsome prince until an evil witch put  a spell on me. One kiss from you and I will turn back into a prince  and then we can marry, move into the castle with my mom and you can prepare my meals, clean my clothes, bear my children and forever  feel happy doing so." That night, while the princess dined on frog legs,she kept laughing and saying, "I don't THINK so."
A man in a bar is enjoying his drink when he hears a voice say, "You look great!" He looks around, but there is nobody near him. He hears the voice again: "No, really, you look just terrific!" Again he looks around. Nobody. A few minutes pass, and again he hears the voice: "Is that a new shirt or something? Because you look absolutely stunning!" At this point the man realizes that the voice is coming from a dish of nuts on the bar. "Hey," the man calls to the bartender, "What's with these nuts?" "Oh," the bartender answers, "they're complimentary."
Q: Men often brag that there are women waiting by the phone at this very moment for their call. Who are these women?  A: Women who answer 900 numbers
Q: Men often brag that there are women waiting by the phone at this very moment for their call. Who are these women?  A: Women who answer 900 numbers
There's a lot to be said about marital bliss... A while back there was an opening in the CIA for an assassin. These highly classified positions are extremely difficult to fill, requiring an extensive background check, training, and testing before candidates are even considered for the position. After reviewing several applicants and completing all the checks and training, the field was narrowed to the three most promising candidates. The day came for the final test, which would determine which of equally qualified candidates, would get the job.  The final candidates consisted of two men and one woman. The men administering the test took the first candidate, a man, down a corridor to a closed door and handed him a gun saying, "We must be completely assured that you will complete your assignments and follow instructions regardless of the circumstances. Inside this room you will find your wife, seated in a chair. Take this gun and kill her." The man, looking completely shocked said, "You can't be serious! I could never kill my wife." The CIA man said, "Well, then, you're obviously not the man for the job. Take your wife and go home." They brought the next candidate in, the other man, and repeated the instructions. This man took the gun, walked into the room and closed the door. However, after five minutes of silence, the door opened and the man handed the CIA tester the gun, saying, "I just couldn't do it. I couldn't kill my wife. I tried to pull the trigger but I just couldn't do it." The CIA man said, "Well, then, you're obviously not the man for the job. Take your wife and go home." Then they brought the woman down the corridor to the closed door, handed her a gun, and said, "We must be completely assured that you will complete your assignments and follow instructions regardless of the circumstances. Inside this room you will find your husband, seated in a chair. Take this gun and kill him." The woman took the gun, walked into the room, and before the door closed all the way, the CIA men heard the gun start firing. One shot after another, for thirteen shots, the noise continued. Then all hell broke loose. For the next several minutes, the men heard screaming, cursing, furniture crashing and banging on the walls; then suddenly, silence. The door opened slowly and there stood the woman. She wiped the sweat from her brow and said, "You guys didn't tell me the gun was loaded with blanks! I had to beat him to death with the chair!"
Q: What's the definition of mixed emotions? A: When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your brand new car.
"Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards. If you disgrace yourself you can always write a book." -- Ronald Reagan
"Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards. If you disgrace yourself you can always write a book." -- Ronald Reagan
A man in a bar is enjoying his drink when he hears a voice say, "You look great!" He looks around, but there is nobody near him. He hears the voice again: "No, really, you look just terrific!" Again he looks around. Nobody. A few minutes pass, and again he hears the voice: "Is that a new shirt or something? Because you look absolutely stunning!" At this point the man realizes that the voice is coming from a dish of nuts on the bar. "Hey," the man calls to the bartender, "What's with these nuts?" "Oh," the bartender answers, "they're complimentary."
Three Boy Scouts, in uniform, were fishing in a boat one day when they heard cries for help. They followed the sounds and found another boat capsized as a man struggled to keep his head above water. Being Boy Scouts, they went to his aid and fished the man out. As it turned out, the man was Bill Clinton. The president toweled himself off and caught his breath, and thanked the three scouts. He asked if there was anything he could do for them. "I'd sure like a tour of the White House," the first scout said. "No problem," said Bill. "How's next week?" "I'd sure love to go for a ride in Air Force One," said the second scout. "We'll leave aboard her tonight," Bill replied. "I'd like to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery," said the third. "I'm sure we can arrange that," said Bill. "But son, you're awfully young to be worrying about that, aren't you?" "You don't know my Dad," the scout replied. "When he finds out I helped save your life, he's gonna kill me!"
Three Boy Scouts, in uniform, were fishing in a boat one day when they heard cries for help. They followed the sounds and found another boat capsized as a man struggled to keep his head above water. Being Boy Scouts, they went to his aid and fished the man out. As it turned out, the man was Bill Clinton. The president toweled himself off and caught his breath, and thanked the three scouts. He asked if there was anything he could do for them. "I'd sure like a tour of the White House," the first scout said. "No problem," said Bill. "How's next week?" "I'd sure love to go for a ride in Air Force One," said the second scout. "We'll leave aboard her tonight," Bill replied. "I'd like to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery," said the third. "I'm sure we can arrange that," said Bill. "But son, you're awfully young to be worrying about that, aren't you?" "You don't know my Dad," the scout replied. "When he finds out I helped save your life, he's gonna kill me!"
A city man was tooling down a country road when his car sputtered to a complete stop near a field filled with cows. The driver, getting out to see what was the matter, noticed one of the cows looking at him. "I believe it's your radiator," said the cow. The man nearly jumped right out of his city slicker britches! He ran to the nearest farmhouse and knocked on the door. "A cow just gave me advice about my car!" he shouted, waving his arms franticly back toward the field. The farmer nonchalantly leaned out beyond the doorframe to glance down the field. "The cow with two big black spots on it?" the farmer asked slowly. "Yes! Yes! That's the one!" the excited man replied. "Oh. Well, that's Ethel," the farmer said, turning back to the man. "Don't pay any attention to her. She doesn't know a thing about cars."
Q: What's the definition of mixed emotions? A: When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your brand new car.
A lawyer died and arrived at the pearly gates. To his dismay, there were thousands of people ahead of him in line to see St. Peter. To his surprise, St. Peter left his desk at the gate and came down the long line to where the lawyer was, and greeted him warmly. Then St. Peter and one of his assistants took the lawyer by the hands and guided him up to the front of the line, and into a comfortable chair by his desk. The lawyer said, "I don't mind all this attention, but what makes me so special?" St. Peter replied, "Well, I've added up all the hours for which you billed your clients, and by my calculation you must be about 193 years old!"
A lawyer died and arrived at the pearly gates. To his dismay, there were thousands of people ahead of him in line to see St. Peter. To his surprise, St. Peter left his desk at the gate and came down the long line to where the lawyer was, and greeted him warmly. Then St. Peter and one of his assistants took the lawyer by the hands and guided him up to the front of the line, and into a comfortable chair by his desk. The lawyer said, "I don't mind all this attention, but what makes me so special?" St. Peter replied, "Well, I've added up all the hours for which you billed your clients, and by my calculation you must be about 193 years old!"
Three friends - a surgeon, an engineer, and a politician - were discussing which of their professions was the oldest. The surgeon said "Eve was created from Adam's rib - a surgical procedure." The engineer replied: "before Adam and Eve, order was created out of chaos, and that was an engineering job." The politician said, "Yes, but who do you suppose created the chaos?"
Three friends - a surgeon, an engineer, and a politician - were discussing which of their professions was the oldest. The surgeon said "Eve was created from Adam's rib - a surgical procedure." The engineer replied: "before Adam and Eve, order was created out of chaos, and that was an engineering job." The politician said, "Yes, but who do you suppose created the chaos?"
A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, "Wish you were here." I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes... It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it. Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, "Wish you were here." I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes... It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it. Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
Bill Clinton went jogging one evening and came upon the Washington Monument.  He said, "George, what should I do?" After a few seconds, George replied, "Abolish the IRS and start over."  Bill thought about this for a few seconds and continued jogging. Shortly he came upon the Jefferson Memorial and stopped there. He said, "Tom, what should I do?" After a few seconds, Tom replied, "Abolish welfare and start over."  Bill continued jogging after thinking about this and came upon the Lincoln Memorial.He said, "Abe, what should I do?" After a few seconds, Abe replied, "Why don't you take the night off and go to the theater?"
Bill Clinton went jogging one evening and came upon the Washington Monument.  He said, "George, what should I do?" After a few seconds, George replied, "Abolish the IRS and start over."  Bill thought about this for a few seconds and continued jogging. Shortly he came upon the Jefferson Memorial and stopped there. He said, "Tom, what should I do?" After a few seconds, Tom replied, "Abolish welfare and start over."  Bill continued jogging after thinking about this and came upon the Lincoln Memorial.He said, "Abe, what should I do?" After a few seconds, Abe replied, "Why don't you take the night off and go to the theater?"
QUESTION: Why did the chicken cross the road? Part II Answers: George Orwell: Because the government had fooled him into thinking that he was crossing the road of his own free will, when he was really only serving their interests. Colonel Sanders: I missed one? Plato: For the greater good. Aristotle: To actualize its potential. Karl Marx: It was a historical inevitability. B.F. Skinner: Because the external influences, which had pervaded its sensorium from birth, had caused it to develop in such a fashion that it would tend to cross roads, even while believing these actions to be of its own freewill. Jean-Paul Sartre: In order to act in good faith and be true to itself, the chicken found it necessary to cross the road. Albert Einstein: Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road crossed the chicken depends upon your frame of reference. The Sphinx: You tell me. Buddha: If you ask this question, you deny your own chicken nature. Emily Dickenson: Because it could not stop for death. Ralph Waldo Emerson: It didn't cross the road; it transcended it. Ernest Hemingway: To die. In the rain. Saddam Hussein: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion and we were quite justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it. Saddam Hussein #2: It is the Mother of all Chickens. Joseph Stalin: I don't care. Catch it. I need its eggs to make my omelet. Dr. Seuss: Did the chicken cross the road? Did he cross it with a toad? Yes the chicken crossed the road, but why he crossed, I've not been told! O.J.: It didn't. I was playing golf with it at the time.
QUESTION: Why did the chicken cross the road? Part I Answers: Pat Buchanan: To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American. Machiavelli: The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The ends of crossing the road justify whatever motive there was. Thomas de Torquemada: Give me ten minutes with the chicken and I'll find out. Timothy Leary: Because that's the only kind of trip the Establishment would let it take. The Bible: And God came down from the heavens, and He said unto the chicken, "Thou shalt cross the road." And the Chicken crossed the road, and there was much rejoicing. Fox Mulder: It was a government conspiracy. Freud: The fact that you thought that the chicken crossed the road reveals your underlying sexual insecurity. Darwin: Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected in such a way that they are now genetically predisposed to cross roads Richard M. Nixon: The chicken did not cross the road. I repeat, the chicken did not cross the road. Oliver Stone: The question is not "Why did the chicken cross the road?" but is rather "Who was crossing the road at the same time whom we overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?" Jerry Seinfeld: Why does anyone cross a road? I mean, why doesn't anyone ever think to ask, "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around all over the place anyway?" Martin Luther King, Jr.: I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question. Dirk Gently (Holistic Detective): I'm not exactly sure why, but right now I've got a horse in my bathroom. Bill Gates: I have just released the new Chicken 2000, which will both cross roads AND balance your checkbook, though when it divides 3 by 2 it gets 1.4999999999. M.C.Escher: That depends on which plane of reality the chicken was on at the time.
QUESTION: Why did the chicken cross the road? Part I Answers: Pat Buchanan: To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American. Machiavelli: The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The ends of crossing the road justify whatever motive there was. Thomas de Torquemada: Give me ten minutes with the chicken and I'll find out. Timothy Leary: Because that's the only kind of trip the Establishment would let it take. The Bible: And God came down from the heavens, and He said unto the chicken, "Thou shalt cross the road." And the Chicken crossed the road, and there was much rejoicing. Fox Mulder: It was a government conspiracy. Freud: The fact that you thought that the chicken crossed the road reveals your underlying sexual insecurity. Darwin: Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected in such a way that they are now genetically predisposed to cross roads Richard M. Nixon: The chicken did not cross the road. I repeat, the chicken did not cross the road. Oliver Stone: The question is not "Why did the chicken cross the road?" but is rather "Who was crossing the road at the same time whom we overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?" Jerry Seinfeld: Why does anyone cross a road? I mean, why doesn't anyone ever think to ask, "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around all over the place anyway?" Martin Luther King, Jr.: I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question. Dirk Gently (Holistic Detective): I'm not exactly sure why, but right now I've got a horse in my bathroom. Bill Gates: I have just released the new Chicken 2000, which will both cross roads AND balance your checkbook, though when it divides 3 by 2 it gets 1.4999999999. M.C.Escher: That depends on which plane of reality the chicken was on at the time.
"I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have was that I didn't study Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people." -- J. Danforth Quayle "If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure." -- J. Danforth Quayle "Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child." -- Vice President Dan Quayle "Welcome to President Bush, Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts." -- Vice President Dan Quayle "Mars is essentially in the same orbit... Mars is somewhat the same distance from the Sun, which is very important. We have seen pictures where there are canals, we believe, and water. If there is water, that means there is oxygen. If oxygen, that means we can breathe." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 8/11/89 "What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is." -- Vice President Dan Quayle "The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 9/15/88 "I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 5/22/89 "One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice president, and that one word is 'to be prepared'." -- Vice President Dan Quayle, 12/6/89
So one day, Gramma sent her grandson Johnny down to the water hole to get some water for cooking dinner. As he was dipping the bucket in, he saw two big eyes looking back at him. He dropped the bucket and hightailed it for Gramma's kitchen. "Well now, where's my bucket and where's my water?" Gramma asked him. "I can't get any water from that water hole, Gramma" exclaimed Johnny. "There's a BIG ol' alligator down there!" "Now don't you mind that ol' alligator, Johnny. He's been there for a few years now, and he's never hurt no one. Why, he's probably as scared of you as you are of him!" "Well, Gramma," replied Johnny, "if he's as scared of me as I am of him, then that water ain't fit to drink!"
So one day, Gramma sent her grandson Johnny down to the water hole to get some water for cooking dinner. As he was dipping the bucket in, he saw two big eyes looking back at him. He dropped the bucket and hightailed it for Gramma's kitchen. "Well now, where's my bucket and where's my water?" Gramma asked him. "I can't get any water from that water hole, Gramma" exclaimed Johnny. "There's a BIG ol' alligator down there!" "Now don't you mind that ol' alligator, Johnny. He's been there for a few years now, and he's never hurt no one. Why, he's probably as scared of you as you are of him!" "Well, Gramma," replied Johnny, "if he's as scared of me as I am of him, then that water ain't fit to drink!"
The fellow walked into a bar he had never been in before and ordered a drink. He then asked the bartender if he enjoyed dumb-jock jokes. The beefy attendant leaned over the bar and fixed a withering glare on his customer. "Listen, buddy," he growled. "See those two big guys on the left? They're professional football players. And that huge fellow on your right is a world-class wrestler. That guy in the corner is a champion weight-lifter. And I lettered in three sports at Notre Dame. Now," he continued, "are you absolutely positive you want to go ahead and tell your dumb-jock joke here?" "Nah, I guess not," the man replied. "I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."
A tourist and his trail guide were walking along a path when all of a sudden the guide runs up the hillside to a cave, yells "Wooo wooo," listens for a moment, and goes charging into the cave, stripping off his clothes on the run. He returns in about 15 minutes. The same scenario occurs again, after which the tourist asks about this strange behavior. The guide explains that if one of the young ladies of his town is in an amorous mood, she goes into a dark cave. If she hears "Wooo wooo," she responds "Wooo wooo" to signal that she is ready and willing. No one knows who is who and everyone is happy. The tourist is amazed and asks if he might partake in this local custom at the next cave. The guide doesn’t see any problem with this. At the next cave the tourist runs to the entrance and calls out "Wooo wooo." To his delight, he hears a sonorous and enticing "Wooo wooo" sung back to him from the recesses of the cave. He takes off his clothes, rushes headlong into the cave, and gets run over by a train.
A tourist and his trail guide were walking along a path when all of a sudden the guide runs up the hillside to a cave, yells "Wooo wooo," listens for a moment, and goes charging into the cave, stripping off his clothes on the run. He returns in about 15 minutes. The same scenario occurs again, after which the tourist asks about this strange behavior. The guide explains that if one of the young ladies of his town is in an amorous mood, she goes into a dark cave. If she hears "Wooo wooo," she responds "Wooo wooo" to signal that she is ready and willing. No one knows who is who and everyone is happy. The tourist is amazed and asks if he might partake in this local custom at the next cave. The guide doesn’t see any problem with this. At the next cave the tourist runs to the entrance and calls out "Wooo wooo." To his delight, he hears a sonorous and enticing "Wooo wooo" sung back to him from the recesses of the cave. He takes off his clothes, rushes headlong into the cave, and gets run over by a train.
A very shy guy goes into a bar and sees a beautiful woman sitting at the other end. After an hour of gathering up his courage he finally goes over to her and asks, tentatively, "Um, would you mind if I chatted with you for a while?"   To which she responds by yelling, at the top of her lungs, "No, I won't sleep with you tonight!"  By now, the entire bar is staring at them. Naturally, the guy is hopelessly and completely embarrassed and he slinks back to his table. After a few minutes, the woman walks over to him and apologizes. She smiles at him and says, "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. You see, I'm a graduate student in psychology and I'm studying how people respond to embarrassing situations."   To which he responds, at the top of his lungs, "What do you mean $200!"
Insurance Company    A Charlotte, North Carolina man, having purchased a case of rare, very expensive cigars, insured them against .... get this .... fire. Within a month, having smoked his entire stockpile of fabulous cigars, and having yet to make a single premium payment on the policy, the man filed a claim against the insurance company. In his claim, the man stated that he had lost the cigars in "a series of small fires." The insurance company refused to pay, citing the obvious reason that the man had consumed the cigars in a normal fashion. The man sued ... and won!! In delivering his ruling, the judge stated that since the man held a policy from the company in which it had warranted that the cigars were insurable, and also guaranteed that it would insure the cigars against fire, without defining what it considered to be "unacceptable fire," it was obligated to compensate the insured for his loss. Rather than endure a lengthy and costly appeal process, the insurance company accepted the judge's ruling and paid the man $15,000 for the rare cigars he lost in "the fires." After the man cashed his check, however, the insurance company had him arrested... on 24 counts of arson! With his own insurance claim and testimony from the previous case being used as evidence against him, the man was convicted of intentionally burning the rare cigars and sentenced to 24 consecutive one year terms.
Insurance Company    A Charlotte, North Carolina man, having purchased a case of rare, very expensive cigars, insured them against .... get this .... fire. Within a month, having smoked his entire stockpile of fabulous cigars, and having yet to make a single premium payment on the policy, the man filed a claim against the insurance company. In his claim, the man stated that he had lost the cigars in "a series of small fires." The insurance company refused to pay, citing the obvious reason that the man had consumed the cigars in a normal fashion. The man sued ... and won!! In delivering his ruling, the judge stated that since the man held a policy from the company in which it had warranted that the cigars were insurable, and also guaranteed that it would insure the cigars against fire, without defining what it considered to be "unacceptable fire," it was obligated to compensate the insured for his loss. Rather than endure a lengthy and costly appeal process, the insurance company accepted the judge's ruling and paid the man $15,000 for the rare cigars he lost in "the fires." After the man cashed his check, however, the insurance company had him arrested... on 24 counts of arson! With his own insurance claim and testimony from the previous case being used as evidence against him, the man was convicted of intentionally burning the rare cigars and sentenced to 24 consecutive one year terms.
Lady    An elderly lady decided she wanted the inside of her home painted so she looked in the newspaper and found an ad that said "no indoor house painting to small or large, call such and such number." so the woman gave the man a call and the next day he came to her house. The woman showed him the bedroom and said she wanted it painted light blue, he measure the room, wrote down the color. Then he went to the front door and yelled out "green side up", then they went to the kitchen and she asked for a light yellow, the man wrote it down, went to the front door and again yelled, "green side up" this went on for two other rooms with the man always going to the door and yelling "green side up" after they were done getting everything on paper, the woman asked the man how come after every room was finished he would go the front door and yell "green side up" ? the man laughed and told her that he also does landscaping and that he had just hired three idiots to lay sod across the street.
College    A college's student body is composed of the sons and daughters of the very rich who could not meet the academic requirements of any other college. Lo and behold, the college basketball team wins every game and dominates their league. All this success is due to one amazing player - a cross between Larry Bird and Michael Jordan. This kid is terrific. The player and the team become the center of nationwide media attention. The student body is thrilled. Now, the NCAA goes to the college and asks for proof of this player's academic eligibility. The college administration promises such documentation in a few days. The faculty works night and day coaching the student for the crucial test. The day of the public examination arrives, and the entire student body is there to support their star player. A professor stands, and announces the first question, "How much is five and two?" The student frowns in deep concentration - he thinks, he sweats, he shakes with effort. At last he shouts the answer, "SEVEN". The entire student body rises, and as a single voice, they cry. "Give him another chance. Give him another chance". 
College    A college's student body is composed of the sons and daughters of the very rich who could not meet the academic requirements of any other college. Lo and behold, the college basketball team wins every game and dominates their league. All this success is due to one amazing player - a cross between Larry Bird and Michael Jordan. This kid is terrific. The player and the team become the center of nationwide media attention. The student body is thrilled. Now, the NCAA goes to the college and asks for proof of this player's academic eligibility. The college administration promises such documentation in a few days. The faculty works night and day coaching the student for the crucial test. The day of the public examination arrives, and the entire student body is there to support their star player. A professor stands, and announces the first question, "How much is five and two?" The student frowns in deep concentration - he thinks, he sweats, he shakes with effort. At last he shouts the answer, "SEVEN". The entire student body rises, and as a single voice, they cry. "Give him another chance. Give him another chance". 
String A string walks into a pub and sits at the bar. the bartender looks at the string and says " we don't serve your kind here ". The string getting upset slams his hand on the bar and yells " GIM ME A BEER ". The bartender looks at the string and says " Hey ! We don't serve your kind here ". The string, really upset, slams his hand on the bar, spilling all the beers on the bar, yelling at the top of his string lungs " I SAID GIMME A BEER ". The bartender getting frustrated with the string throws him out of the pub. The upset string, leaving the pub passes a rope. The string turns to the rope and says " Hey, I'll give you five dollars to tie me into a knot and fray the ends ". The rope looks at the string and says " you will give me five dollars to tie you into a knot and fray the ends ". "ya ya " the string says, " I'll give you five dollars to tie me into a knot and fray the ends ". the rope taking the five dollars, ties the string into a knot and frays the ends. The string who is now tied into a knot with the ends frayed, walks back into the pub. The string slams his hand down on the bar and yells " GIMME A BEER ". the bartender looks at the string and says " We don't serve your kind here ". The string getting upset at the bartender, slams his hand on the bar, spilling all the beers on the bar, yelling at the top of his lungs " I SAID GIMME A BEER ". The bartender looks at the string and says " Hey, your that string I threw out of here ". the string yelling back at the top of his lungs " NO I'm a-frayed-knot
Question  Where does Napoleon keep his armies? Answer: Up his sleevies!
Question  Where does Napoleon keep his armies? Answer: Up his sleevies!
QUESTION: Why did the chicken cross the road?  Answers: Pat Buchanan: To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American. Machiavelli: The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The ends of crossing the road justify whatever motive there was. Thomas de Torquemada: Give me ten minutes with the chicken and I'll find out. Timothy Leary: Because that's the only kind of trip the Establishment would let it take. The Bible: And God came down from the heavens, and He said unto the chicken, "Thou shalt cross the road." And the Chicken crossed the road, and there was much rejoicing. Fox Mulder: It was a government conspiracy. Freud: The fact that you thought that the chicken crossed the road reveals your underlying sexual insecurity. Darwin: Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected in such a way that they are now genetically predisposed to cross roads Richard M. Nixon: The chicken did not cross the road. I repeat, the chicken did not cross the road. Oliver Stone: The question is not "Why did the chicken cross the road?" but is rather "Who was crossing the road at the same time whom we overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?" Jerry Seinfeld: Why does anyone cross a road? I mean, why doesn't anyone ever think to ask, "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around all over the place anyway?" Martin Luther King, Jr.: I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question. Dirk Gently (Holistic Detective): I'm not exactly sure why, but right now I've got a horse in my bathroom. Bill Gates: I have just released the new Chicken 2000, which will both cross roads AND balance your checkbook, though when it divides 3 by 2 it gets 1.4999999999. M.C.Escher: That depends on which plane of reality the chicken was on at the time. George Orwell: Because the government had fooled him into thinking that he was crossing the road of his own free will, when he was really only serving their interests. Colonel Sanders: I missed one? Plato: For the greater good. Aristotle: To actualize its potential. Karl Marx: It was a historical inevitability. B.F. Skinner: Because the external influences, which had pervaded its sensorium from birth, had caused it to develop in such a fashion that it would tend to cross roads, even while believing these actions to be of its own freewill. Jean-Paul Sartre: In order to act in good faith and be true to itself, the chicken found it necessary to cross the road. Albert Einstein: Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road crossed the chicken depends upon your frame of reference. The Sphinx: You tell me. Buddha: If you ask this question, you deny your own chicken nature. Emily Dickenson: Because it could not stop for death. Ralph Waldo Emerson: It didn't cross the road; it transcended it. Ernest Hemingway: To die. In the rain. Saddam Hussein: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion and we were quite justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it. Saddam Hussein #2: It is the Mother of all Chickens. Joseph Stalin: I don't care. Catch it. I need its eggs to make my omelet. Dr. Seuss: Did the chicken cross the road? Did he cross it with a toad? Yes the chicken crossed the road, but why he crossed, I've not been told! O.J.: It didn't. I was playing golf with it at the time.
A lawyer died and arrived at the pearly gates. To his dismay, there were thousands of people ahead of him in line to see St. Peter. To his surprise, St. Peter left his desk at the gate and came down the long line to where the lawyer was, and greeted him warmly. Then St. Peter and one of his assistants took the lawyer by the hands and guided him up to the front of the line, and into a comfortable chair by his desk. The lawyer said, "I don't mind all this attention, but what makes me so special?" St. Peter replied, "Well, I've added up all the hours for which you billed your clients, and by my calculation you must be about 193 years old!"
Cemetery A man placed some flowers on the grave of his departed mother and started back for his car, parked on the cemetery road. His attention was diverted to a man kneeling at a grave. The man seemed to be praying with profound intensity, and kept repeating, "Why did you die? Why did you die?" The first man approached him and said, "Sir, I don't want to interfere with your private grief, but this demonstration of hurt and pain is more than I've ever seen before. For whom do you mourn so deeply? Your Child? A parent? Who, may I ask, lies in that grave?" The mourner answered, "My wife's first husband! ... Why did you die? Why did you die?"
What kind of animal hates to do it's laundry the most?  A Leopard because it has so many spots.
FORREST in EVERYONE'S LIFE Forrest Gump Life is like a Box of chocolates... Forrest Dahmer People are like a box of chocolate, YUM! Forrest Simpson Mmmmm, chocolate! Forrest the Hun Chocolate all mine! Forrest Simmons Chocolate is bad!, EXERCISE EXERCISE! Forrest Rivera People who like Chocolate..Next on 'Forrest' Forrest Jackson Little kids like my box of chocolates Forrest Hefner Keep the chocolate, lose the box. Forrest Shakespeare Chocolate, or no chocolate that's the question Forrest Of Borg All chocolates must be assimilated Forrest Presley Hunk a hunk of milk chocolate Forrest Zen I am one with the chocolate Forrest McClaine I used to be a box of Chocolates Forrest Ventura Chocolates..Alll-Riighty then... Forrest Lauper People just wanna have chocolate Forrest Turner What's chocolate gotta do, gotta do with it? Forrest Bones Dammit Jim, I'm a Dr., not a box of chocolate Forrest Spock Logically speaking, we are all chocolate Forrest Scotty The box, she's breaking apart Capt'n Forrest Christ Let he without sin, eat the first chocolate Forrest Rooney Why is it, that we are all chocolates? Forrest Butler Frankly Scarlett, I don't like chocolate Forrest O'Hara Tomorrow, is another box of chocolates. Forrest Lee Fight with your inner chocolate Forrest Clinton I didn't inhale the cream centers Forrest Davidson I will inhale the cream filled centers Forrest Doo Roinks Raggy, Rocolates! Forrest Pig Life is a box of chok-choa-che..candy Forrest Marx That's the weirdest box of chocolates I've ever seen.... Forrest Nicholson You want chocolate, you can't handle chocolate Forrest Copperfield Poof, the chocolates are gone! Forrest Hitler White Chocolates only! Forrest the Frog Someday we'll find it, Forrest Vader Luke, I am your chocolate Forrest Yoda There is a dark chocolate, and a light chocolate.
