What's the difference between a man and a toilet? A toilet doesn't follow you around after you use it.
What's O. J. Simpson's web address? Slash, slash, backslash, slash, slash, escape.
Bill and Hillary Clinton are on a trip back to Arkansas. They're almost out of gas, so Bill pulls into a service station on the outskirts of town. The attendant runs out of the station to serve them when Hillary realizes it's an old boyfriend from high school. She and the attendant chat as he gases up their car and cleans the windows. Then they all say goodbye. As Bill pulls the car onto the road, he turns to Hillary and says, "Now aren't you glad you married me and not him? You could've been the wife of a grease monkey!". To which Hillary replied, "No, Bill. If I would have married him, you'd be pumping gas and he would be the President!"
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? That's not funny.  Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper? He sold his soul to Santa.
A country guy goes into a city bar that has a dress code, and the maitre d' demands he wear a tie. Discouraged, the guy goes to his car to sulk when inspiration strikes: He's got jumper cables in the trunk! So he wraps them around his neck, sort of like a string tie (a bulky string tie to be sure) and returns to the bar. The maitre d' is reluctant, but says to the guy, "Okay, you're a pretty resourceful fellow, you can come in... but just don't start anything!"
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One turns to the other and says: "Does this taste funny to you?"
What do a hurricane, a tornado, and a redneck divorce all have in common? Someone's going to lose a trailer...
A guy stood over his tee shot for what seemed an eternity, looking up, looking down, measuring the distance, figuring the wind direction and speed, and driving his partner nuts. Finally his exasperated partner says, "What the hell is taking so long? Hit the goddamn ball!" The guy answers, "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse. I want to make this a perfect shot." "Well, hell, man, you don't stand a snowball's chance in hell of hitting her from here!"
They asked the Japanese visitor if they have elections in his country. "Every morning," he answers.
The father was very anxious to marry off his only daughter so he wanted to impress her date. "Do you like to screw?" he asks. "Huh?" replied the surprised first date. "My daughter, she loves to screw and she's good at it: you and her should go screw," the father carefully explained. Now very interested, the boy replied, "Yes, sir." Minutes later the girl came down the stairs, kissed her father goodbye and the couple left. After only a few minutes she reappeared, furious, dress torn, hair a mess and screamed, "Dammit, Daddy, it's the TWIST, get it straight!"
What did the blind person say when given some matzah? Who the hell wrote this?
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. Men will screw anything.
A dog walks into Western Union and asks the clerk to send a telegram. He fills out a form on which he writes down the telegram he wishes to send: "Bow wow wow, bow wow wow." The clerk says, "You can add another 'Bow wow' for the same price." The dog responded, "Now wouldn't that sound a little silly?"
 If a person who speaks three languages is called "trilingual," and a person who speaks two languages is called "bilingual," what do you call a person who only speaks one language? American!
What's the difference between a Macintosh and an Etch-a-Sketch? You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.  What's the difference between a used tire and 365 used condoms? One's a Goodyear, the other's a great year.  A duck walks into a pharmacy and asks for a condom. The pharmacist asks, "Would you like me to stick that on your bill?" The duck says: "What kind of duck do you think I am!"  What is the Australian word for a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.  What do you get when you run over a parakeet with a lawnmower? Shredded tweet.
Two kindergarten girls were talking outside: one said, "You won't believe what I saw on the patio yesterday....a condom!" The second girl asked, "What's a patio?"
A guy walks into a bar and sits down next to an extremely gorgeous woman. The first thing he notices about her though, are her pants. They were skin-tight, high-waisted and had no obvious mechanism (zipper, buttons or velcro) for opening them.
After several minutes of puzzling over how she got the pants up over her hips, he finally worked up the nerve to ask her. "Excuse me miss, but how do you get into your pants?". "Well," she replied, "you can start by buying me a drink."
Bill Clinton returns from a vacation in Arkansas and walks down the steps of Air Force One with two pigs under his arms. At the bottom of the steps, he says to the honor guardsman, "These are genuine Arkansas Razor-Back Hogs. I got this one for Chelsea and this one for Hillary." The guardsman replies, "Nice trade, Sir."
What's the difference between a lawyer and a plumber?  A plumber works to unclog the system.
President Clinton looks up from his desk in the Oval Office to see one of his aides nervously approach him. "What is it?" exclaims the President. "It's this Abortion Bill, Mr. President. What do you want to do about it?" the aide asks. "Just go ahead and pay it," responds the President.
A man arrives at the gates of heaven. St. Peter asks, "Religion?" The man says, "Methodist." St. Peter looks down his list, and says, "Go to room 24, but be very quiet as you pass room 8." Another man arrives at the gates of heaven. "Religion?" "Baptist." "Go to room 18, but be very quiet as you pass room 8." A third man arrives at the gates. "Religion?" "Jewish." "Go to room 11, but be very quiet as you pass room 8." The man says, "I can understand there being different rooms for different religions, but why must I be quiet when I pass room 8?" St. Peter tells him, "Well, the Catholics are in room 8, and they think they're the only ones here."33:What do you call an American in the finals of the world cup? "Hey beer man!"
An explorer in the deepest Amazon suddenly finds himself surrounded by a bloodthirsty group of natives. Upon surveying the situation, he says quietly to himself, "Oh God, I'm screwed." The sky darkens and a voice booms out, "No, you are NOT screwed. Pick up that stone at your feet and bash in the head of the chief standing in front of you." So with the stone he bashes the life out of the chief. He stands above the lifeless body, breathing heavily and looking at 100 angry natives. The voice booms out again, "Okay, NOW you're screwed."
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer and says to the bartender, "Hey, I got this great Polish Joke. The barkeep glares at him and says in a warning tone of voice: "Before you go telling that joke you better know that I'm Polish, both bouncers are Polish and so are most of my customers." "Okay," says the customer. "I'll tell it very slowly."
"May I take your order?" the waiter asks. "Yes, how do you prepare your chickens?" "Nothing special, sir," he replies. "We just tell them straight out that they're going to die."
What is the difference between men and women? A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need. A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
How many Irishmen does it take to change a lightbulb? Two. One to hold the lightbulb and the other to drink until the room spins.
What does an atheist say during an orgasm? "Oh Darwin! Oh Darwin!"
Two men are discussing the age old question: who enjoys sex more, the man or the woman? A woman walks by and listens in for a while and then interrupts:
"Listen, you guys. You know when your ear itches and you put in your little finger and wiggle it around for a while? Afterward, which feels better, your inger or your ear?"
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone are making a movie about the lives of the great composers. Stallone says, "I want to be Mozart." Schwarzenegger says, "In that case, I'll be Bach."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks: "So, why the long face?"
A boy comes home from school and tells his mother that he got a part in the school play. "What part?" the mother asks. "I play a Jewish husband," the boy replies. "Go back to school and tell your teacher that you want a speaking role!"
A couple has been married for 75 years. For the husband's 95th birthday, his wife decides to surprise him by hiring a prostitute. That day, the doorbell rings. The husband uses his walker to get to the door and opens it. A 21-year-old in a latex outfit smiles and says, "Hi, I here to give you super sex!" The old man says, "I'll take the soup."
There was an engineer who had an exceptional gift for fixing all things mechanical. After serving his company loyally for over 30 years, he happily retired. Several years later the company contacted him regarding a seemingly impossible problem they were having with one of their multi-million dollar machines. They had tried everything and everyone else to get the machine fixed, but to no avail. In desperation, they called on the retired engineer who had solved so many of their problems in the past. The engineer reluctantly took the challenge. He spent a day studying the huge machine. At the end of the day, he marked a small "x" in chalk on a particular component of the machine and proudly stated: "This is where your problem is." The part was replaced and the machine worked perfectly again. The company received a bill for $50,000 from the engineer for his service. They demanded an itemized accounting of his charges. The engineer responded briefly: One chalk mark: $1. Knowing where to put it: $49,999. He was paid in full and the engineer retired again in peace.
The graduate with a Science degree asks, "Why does it work?" The graduate with an Engineering degree asks, "How does it work?" The graduate with an Accounting degree Asks, "How much will it cost?" The graduate with a Liberal Arts degree asks, "Do you want fries with that?"
The Pope dies and, naturally, goes to heaven. He's met by the reception committee, and after a whirlwind tour he is told that he can enjoy any of the myriad of recreations available. He decides that he wants to read all of the ancient original text of the Holy Scriptures, so he spends the next eon or so learning languages. After becoming a linguistic master, he sits down in the library and begins to pour over every version of the Bible, working back from most recent "Easy Reading" to the original script. All of a sudden there is a scream in the library. The angels come running in only to find the Pope huddled in his chair, crying to himself and muttering, "An 'R'! The scribes left out the 'R'!" A particularly concerned angel takes him aside, and offering comfort, asks him what the problem is and what he means. After collecting his wits, the Pope sobs again, "It's the letter 'R'. They left out the 'R'. The word was supposed to be 'CELEBRATE'!"
Why are there so many Jones's in the phone book? Because they all have phones.
How many teddy bears does it take to change a lightbulb? It takes only one teddy bear, but it takes a whole lot of lightbulbs.
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything.
A group of managers were given the assignment to measure the height of a flagpole. So they go out to the flagpole with ladders and tape measures, and they're falling off the ladders, dropping the tape measures--the whole thing is just a mess. An engineer comes along and sees what they're trying to do, walks over, pulls the flagpole out of the ground, lays it flat, measures it from end to end, gives the measurement to one of the managers and walks away. After the engineer has gone, one manager turns to another and laughs. "Isn't that just like an engineer? We're looking for the height and he gives us the length."
What is the rallying cry of the International Dyslexic Pride movement? Dyslexics Untie!
Once upon a time, two brooms fell in love and decided to get married. Before the ceremony, the bride broom informed the groom broom that she was expecting a little whiskbroom. The groom broom was aghast! "How is this possible?" he asked. "We've never swept together!"
Employer to applicant: "In this job we need someone who is responsible." Applicant: "I'm the one you want. On my last job, every time anything went wrong, they said I was responsible."
At a recent Sacramento PC Users Group meeting, a company was demonstrating its latest speech- recognition software. A representative from the company was just about ready to start the demonstration and asked everyone in the room to quiet down. Just then, someone in the back of the room yelled, "Format C: Return." Someone else chimed in: "Yes, Return." Unfortunately, the software worked.
On the first day of college, the Dean addressed the students, pointing out some of the rules: "The female dormitory will be out-of-bounds for all male students and the male dormitory to the female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be finded $20 the first time." He continued, "Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $60. Being caught a third time will cost you a fine of $180. Are there any questions?" At this point, a male student in the crowd inquired: "How much for a season pass?"
What is the difference between George Washington, Richard Nixon, and Bill Clinton? Washington couldn't tell a lie, Nixon couldn't tell the truth, and Clinton doesn't know the difference.
How many stalkers does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to replace the bulb, and the other to watch it day and night.
Do you know the difference between an intelligent male and the Sasquatch? There have been actual reported sightings of the Sasquatch.
There once was a man and a woman that both got in a terrible car wreck. Both of their vehicles were completely destroyed, buy fortunately, no one was hurt. In thankfulness, the woman said to the man, "We are both okay, so we should celebrate. I have a bottle of wine in my car: let's open it." So the woman got the bottle out of the car, and handed it to the man. The man took a really big drink, and handed the woman the bottle. The woman closed the bottle and put it down. The man asked, "Aren't you going to take a drink?" The woman cleverly replied, "No, I think I'll just wait for the cops to get here."
If pro- is the opposite of con-, then congress must be the opposite of progress.
What's the difference between the government and the Mafia? One of them is organized.
An Asian man goes into a New York CityBank to exchange 10,000 yen for American Currency. The teller gives him $72.00. The next month the Asian man goes into the same bank with 10,000 yen and receives $62.00. He asks, "How come? Only $62.00?" The teller says "Fluctuations, fluctuations!" Whereupon the Asian man looks back at the teller and says "Fluk you Amelicans too!"
How do you keep a computer programmer in the shower all day long? Give them a shampoo with a label that says "rinse, lather, repeat."
What is the difference between mechanical engineers and civil engineers? Mechanical Engineers build weapons, civil engineers build targets.
How many presidents does it take to screw in a light bulb? It depends upon your definition of screwing a light bulb.
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. "How much do I owe you?" the neutron asks. The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."
A man who recently completed a routine physical examination receives a phone call from his doctor. The doctor says, "I have some good news and some bad news." The man says, "Okay, give me the good news first." The doctor says, "The good news is: you have 24 hours to live." The man replies, "Shit! That's the good news? Then what's the bad news?" The doctor says, "The bad news is: I forgot to call you yesterday."
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? NONE! That's a hardware problem.
Two atoms are walking down the street when one atom says to the other, "Oh, my! I've lost an electron!" The second atom says, "Are you sure?" The first replies, "I'm positive!"
Just a thought. Before criticizing someone, walk a mile in their shoes. Then, when you do criticize them, you will be a mile away and have their shoes!
Two attorneys went into a diner and ordered two drinks. Then they produced sandwiches from their briefcases and started to eat. The owner became quite concerned and marched over and told them, "You can't eat your own sandwiches in here!" The attorneys looked at each other, shrugged their shoulders and then exchanged sandwiches.
A teacher is explaining to her class how different languages use negatives differently. She says, "In all languages, a positive followed by a negative or a negative followed by a positive makes a negative. In some languages, two negatives together make a positive, while in others they make a negative. But in no language do two positives make a negative." One of the students puts up his hand and says, "Yeah, right."
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk I have a work station...
Whats the difference between greeting a queen and greeting the President of the United States? You only have to get on one knee to greet the queen.
Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocaine during a root canal? He wanted to transcend dental medication.
A man escaped jail by digging a hole from his jail cell to the outside world. When finally his work was done, he emerged in the middle of a preschool playground. "I'm free, I'm free!" he shouted. "So what?" said a little girl. "I'm four."
Doctor, Doctor, there's an invisible man in the waiting room! Well, go in there and tell him that I can't see him!
Satan laughs uproariously and answers, "Yeah, right. And just where are YOU going to get a lawyer?"
A man approached a very beautiful woman in a large supermarket and asked, "You know, I've lost my wife here in the supermarket. Can you talk to me for a couple of minutes?" "Why?" "Because every time I talk to a beautiful woman my wife appears out of nowhere."
"Do you believe in life after death?" the boss asked one of his employees. "Yes, sir," the new recruit replied. "Well, then, that makes everything just fine..." the boss went on. "After you left early yesterday to go to your grandmother's funeral, she stopped in to see you."
When my three-year-old son opened the birthday gift from his grandmother, he discovered a water pistol. He squealed with delight and headed for the nearest sink. I was not so pleased. I turned to Mom and said, "I'm surprised at you. Don't you remember how we used to drive you crazy with water guns?" Mom smiled and then replied..."I remember."
The new employee stood before the paper shredder looking confused. "Need some help?" a secretary asked. "Yes," he replied. "How does this thing work?" "Simple," she said, taking the fat report from his hand and feeding it into the shredder. "Thanks, but where do the copies come out?"
When most people claim to be "killing time", it's only an expression. When Chuck Norris kills time, the minutes actually cease to exist.
An old man goes to the doctor for his yearly physical, his wife tagging along. When the doctor enters the examination room, he tells the old man, "I need a urine sample, a stool sample and a sperm sample." The old man, being hard of hearing, looks at his wife and yells: "WHAT? What did he say? What's he want?" His wife yells back, "He needs your underwear."
A guy had been feeling down for so long that he finally decided to seek the aid of a psychiatrist. He went there, lay on the couch, spilled his guts then waited for the profound wisdom of the psychiatrist to make him feel better. The psychiatrist asked me a few questions, took some notes then sat thinking in silence for a few minutes with a puzzled look on his face. He looked up with an expression of delight and said, "I think your problem is low self-esteem. It is very common among losers."
Mickey Mouse is having a nasty divorce with Minnie Mouse. Mickey spoke to the judge about the separation. "I'm sorry Mickey, but I can't legally separate you two on the grounds that Minnie is mentally insane..." Mickey replied, "I didn't say she was mentally insane, I said that she's fucking Goofy!"
The new employee stood before the paper shredder looking confused. "Need some help?" a secretary, walking by, asked. "Yes," he replied, "how does this thing work?" "Simple," she said, taking the fat report from his hand and feeding it into the shredder. "Thanks, but where do the copies come out?"
An artist asked the gallery owner if there had been any interest in his paintings currently on display. "I've got good news and bad news," the owner replied. "The good news is that a gentleman inquired about your work and wondered if it would appreciate in value after your death. When I told him it would, he bought all fifteen of your paintings." "That's wonderful!" the artist exclaimed. "What's the bad news?" With concern, the gallery owner replied:"The guy was your doctor."
A guy walked past a mental hospital and heard a moaning voice: "13...13...13...13..." The man looked over to the hospital and saw a hole in the wall. He looked through the hole and got poked in the eye. The moaning voice then groaned: "14...14...14...14..."
A man went to apply for a job. After filling out all of his applications, he waited anxiously for the outcome. The employer read all his applications and said, "We have an opening for people like you." "Oh, great," he said. "What is it?" "It's called the door!"
Deep within a forest, a little turtle began to climb a tree. After hours of effort, he reached the top, jumped into the air waving his front legs and crashed to the ground. After recovering, he slowly climbed the tree again, jumped, and fell to the ground. The turtle tried again and again, while a couple of birds sitting on a branch watched his sad efforts. Finally, the female bird turned to her mate. "Dear," she chirped, "I think it's time to tell him he's adopted."
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tragic fire on Monday destroyed the personal library of President George W. Bush. Both of his books have been lost. Presidential spokesman Ari Fleischer said the president was devastated, as he had not finished coloring the second one.
In a Veteran's Day speech, President Bush vowed, "We will finish the mission. Period." Afterwards, he was advised that he doesn't have to read the punctuation marks.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd; no one fools Chuck Norris.
A preist, a 12-year-old kid, and the smartest guy in the world are on a plane. The pilot screams, "The plane is going down! You have to jump!" He then grabs a parachute and jumps off, leaving only two more parachutes on the plane. The smartest guy in the world says, "I have to go. I mean, I'm the smartest guy in the world!" He grabs a parachute, and jumps. The priest then looks at the 12-year-old kid, and says, "Go, my son. You have a long life to live." The kid calmly responds: "Dude, chill. We'll be fine. The 'smartest guy in the world' took my backpack."
A man is driving in the country one evening when his car stalls and won't start. He goes up to a nearby farm house for help, and because it is suppertime he is asked to stay for supper. When he sits down at the table he notices that a pig is sitting at the table with them for supper and that the pig has a wooden leg. As they are eating and chatting, he eventually asks the farmer why the pig is there and why it has a wooden leg. "Oh," says the farmer, "that is a very special pig. Last month my wife and daughter were in the barn when it caught fire. The pig saw this, ran to the barn, tipped over a pail of water, crawled over the wet floor to reach them and pulled them out of the barn safely. A special pig like that, you just don't eat it all at once!"
A blonde, brunette, and a red head are all lined up to be shot to death by a firing squad. The brunette shouts, "Tornado!" and the riflemen turn around to see the tornado. It isn't there, and the brunette uses that time to escape. The red head yells, "Lightning!" and the riflemen again turn to see the disaster, yet there is no disaster and the red head escapes. The blonde yells, "Fire!" The riflemen do.
It was the day of the big sale. Rumors of the sale (and some advertising in the local paper) were the main reason for the long line that formed by 8:30, the store's opening time, in front of the store. A small man pushed his way to the front of the line, only to be pushed back, amid loud and colorful curses. On the man's second attempt, he was punched square in the jaw, and knocked around a bit, and then thrown to the end of the line again. As he got up the second time, he said to the person at the end of the line... "That does it! If they hit me one more time, I won't open the store!"
Recently a teacher, a garbage collector, and a lawyer wound up together at the Pearly Gates. St. Peter informed them that in order to get into Heaven, they would each have to answer one question. St. Peter addressed the teacher and asked, "What was the name of the ship that crashed into the iceberg? They just made a movie about it." The teacher answered quickly, "That would be the Titanic." St. Peter let him through the gate. St. Peter turned to the garbage man and, figuring Heaven didn't really need all the odors that this guy would bring with him, decided to make the question a little harder: "How many people died on the ship?"  Fortunately for him, the trash man had just seen the movie. "1,228," he answered. That's right! You may enter." St. Peter turned to the lawyer: "Name them."
A little girl asked her father, "Daddy? Do all fairy tales begin with 'Once Upon a Time'?" He replied, "No, there is a whole series of fairy tales that begin with 'If elected I promise'."
In an interview with David Letterman, Carter passed along an anecdote of a translation problem in Japan. Carter was speaking at a business lunch in Tokyo, where he decided to open his speech with a brief joke. He told the joke, then waited for the translator to announce the Japanese version. Even though the story was quite short, Carter was surprised by how quickly the interpreter was able to re-tell it. Even more impressive was the reaction from the crowd. Carter thought the story was cute, but not outright hilarious, yet the crowd broke right up. Carter was very flattered. After the speech, Carter wanted to meet the translator to ask him how he told the joke. Perhaps there is better way to tell the joke? When Carter asked how the joke had been told in Japanese, the translator responded, "I told them, 'President Carter has told a very funny joke. Please laugh now.'"
