Q: What is a man's idea of a balanced diet?
A: A Budweiser in each hand!

Q: Whats the difference between Amy Winehouse and Captain Morgan?
A: Captain Morgan comes alive when you add coke! 

Q: What did the bartender say after Charles Dickens ordered a martini?
A: "Olive or twist?"

Q: What did the bartender say after a book walked into the bar?
A: "Please, no stories!"

Q. Why did God invent Jameson whiskey?
A. So the Irish would never rule the world!

Q: What do Russians get when mixing Holy Water with Vodka?
A: The Holy Spirit!

Q: What did the man with slab of asphalt under his arm order?
A: "A beer please, and one for the road."

Q: You know what's fun about being sober? 
A: Nothing.

Q: Why did Mexicans create tequila? 
A: So ugly people would have a chance at having sex! 

Q: What do you get when you mix English class with alcohol? 
A: Tequila Mockingbird

Q: What has eight arms and an IQ of 60? 
A: Four guys drinking Bud Light and watching a football game!

Q: How can you tell if someone Amish is an alcoholic?
A: They keep falling off the wagon.

Q: How many men does it take to open a Budweiser bottle? 
A: none. the lady should already have it open on the table! 

Q: How can you find the guy who drank a case of Coors Light?
A: He's the one dancing like an asshole!

Q: How do you know a man is really really gay?
A: When he's nursing a Bacardi Breezer!

Q: What's the difference between a G-Spot and a bottle of Jack Daniels? 
A: A guy will actually SEARCH for a bottle of Jack Daniels. 

Q: How does a man show he's planning for the future? 
A: He buys two cases of Miller Lite instead of one. 

What's the cure for marriage?
Answer: Alcoholism.

Q: Why does Corona go through your system so fast?
A: Because it does not have to stop to change color

Q: Whats the difference between a dog and a fox?
A: 2 drinks.

What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can't tuna fish. What do you call an alligator in a vest? An Investigator What do you call a pile of kittens A meowntain What do you call a bee that lives in America? USB Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted! What do you give a dog with a fever? Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog! Where do sheep go to get haircuts? To the Baa Baa shop! What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny! How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Tentacles. How do spiders communicate? Through the World Wide Web. Why did the chicken cross the road? To prove to the possum that it could be done! What is it called when a cat wins a dog show? A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse? Kitty Perry How do you catch a fish without a fishing pole? With your BEAR hands. What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador. What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce in its eye? Chicken Caeser Salad (Chicken Sees A Salad) Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change colour? He had a reptile disfunction. What do you call a fish that needs help with his or her vocals? Autotuna 

source: http://www.jokes4us.com/animaljokes/index.html

Q: How do you find a man in a bar who is sensitive, caring and good looking? 
A: He's nursing a Mike's Hard Lemonade and is acting super super gay!

Q: What is the difference between a sofa and a man watching Monday Night Football? 
A: The sofa doesn't keep asking for Bud Light!

Q: What is the similarity between Michelob Ultra and having sex in a rowboat?
A: They are both SO close to water!

Q: What do you say when you're gonna drunk dial someone?
A: Al-cohol you

Q: What do blondes and bottle of Corona have in common?
A: Their both empty from the neck up!

Q: Why are Men like coolers?
A: Load them with Bud Light, and you can take them anywhere!

Q: What does a shot of Everclear and a Woman have in common?
A: Both of them make men start talking nonsense!

Q: Where do monkeys go to drink?
A: The monkey bars!

Q: Why don't Democrats drink? 
A: It interferes with their suffering!

Q: What happens when you cross a gynecologist drinking Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer and sexy blonde drinking Smirnoff Vodka?
A: a "Pabst Smir!"

Q: How do you start a parade in the ghetto?
A: Roll a 40 down the street.

Q: How do you know when you really pissed off your Bartender?
A: She leaves the string in the Bloody Mary!

Q: Why doesn't Simon Cowell drink whiskey? 
A: Because it makes him mean!

Q: What does an alcoholic ghost drink? 
A: BOO'S

Q: What do you call a man with a shot of whiskey on his head? 
A: A taxi. Clearly, he's had too much liquor and is being a nuisance.
