You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water. 
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".
Take my advice — I'm not using it.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
I bet you I could stop gambling.
If I ever need a heart transplant, I'd want my ex's. It's never been used.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
I'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.
There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't.
Whoever said nothing is impossible is a liar. I've been doing nothing for years.
Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood.
For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
Telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them shit in person.
The consensus after the election is that 100% of Americans think 50% of Americans have lost their minds.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Funny how they say we need to talk when they really mean you need to listen.
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
Dear alcohol, We had a deal where you would make me funnier, smarter, and a better dancer... I saw the video... we need to talk.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
My son asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, "A very good doctor".
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years your job will still suck.
It's funny, when I walk into a spider web I demolish his home and misplace his dinner yet I still feel like the victim.
When Miley Cyrus gets naked & licks a hammer it's "art" & "music". But when I do it, I'm "drunk" and "have to leave the hardware store".
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
Is google a woman? Because it won't let you finish your sentence without coming up with other suggestions.
Nothing ruins a Friday more than an understanding that today is Tuesday.
If time is money are ATM's time machines?
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them...
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy.
Friends wave red flags when you have a bad idea.  Real friends pick up a camera.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone? That's your common sense leaving your body.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
My wife had her driver's test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear.
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
If you think nobody cares whether you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
Entered what I ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
Childs experience: if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
Dear Couples Who Fight In Public, stop trying to whisper and would it kill you to include some backstory.
Never get on one knee for a girl who won't get on two for you.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.
My job is secure. No one else wants it.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right—I feel ten years older already.
Why is the day that you do laundry, cook, clean, iron and so on, called a day off?
Best friends: Ready to die for each other, but will fight to the death over the last slice of pizza.
She wanted a puppy. But I didn't want a puppy. So we compromised and got a puppy.
I got lost in your eyes. But I also get lost in most department stores, so I wouldn't read too much into it.
The best things in life are free *plus shipping and handling*
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
Escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
One cigarette shortens your life by two hours, one bottle of vodka by three hours, and a workday – eight hours.
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
My life is an open book. But it's very poorly written and I die in the end.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk.
There are few things I enjoy more than picking an argument with my girlfriend when she has the hiccups.
Treat Two-faced people like mushrooms. Keep them in the dark and feed them shit.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
An optimist believes that we live in the best world. A pessimist is afraid that it might be true.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
My ex wrote to me: Can you delete my number? I responded: Who is this?
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Please go play with your brother. That's basically the reason we had him.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.
There are two rules for success: 1) Don't tell all you know.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission. 
A straight face and a sincere-sounding "Huh?" have gotten me out of more trouble than I can remember.
Just tell me when and where and I'll be there 20 minutes late.
There is a new trend in our office; everyone is putting names on their food. I saw it today, while I was eating a sandwich named Kevin.
My other body is in the Photoshop.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
Every time you talk to your wife, your mind should remember that... 'This conversation will be recorded for Training and Quality purpose'
If procrastionation was an Olympic sport, I'd compete in it later.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid. 
That awkward moment when you're in a meeting and your stomach decides to sound like a dying whale.
People who write "u" instead of "you". What do you do with all the time you save?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I'm the kind of guy who stops the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb defuser.
Outvoted 1-1 by my wife again.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
I named my hard drive "dat ass" so once a month my computer asks if I want to 'back dat ass up'.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea ... does that mean that one enjoys it?
I've been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I'll start calling them traditions.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common.
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
My superpower is making people laugh. Which would be great if I was trying to be funny.
eBay is so useless. I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches.
Top 3 situations that require witnesses:  1) Crimes 2) Accidents  3) Marriages  Need I say more?
Why does it feel like time slows down during the day when you're at work and rapidly speeds up at night when you get home?
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
I sometimes watch birds and wonder "If I could fly who would I shit on?"
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
The difference between "Girlfriend" and "Girl Friend" is that little space in between we call the "Friend Zone".
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.
I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
Congratulations, If you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode – really...
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
The lesson of Halloween is that pretending to be something you're not will lead to a sweet reward.
I'm stuck somewhere between playing my cards right & not playing with a full deck.
Before having a kid the most important thing to ask yourself is "Am I ready to watch the exact same cartoon on repeat for the next 4 years?"
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. 
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness, is realising the other person was born an idiot.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Never break someone's heart because they have only one inside...break their bones because they have 206 of them.
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
Moses was leading his people through the desert for 40 years. It seems, even in Biblical times men avoided asking the way.
People are making end of the world jokes. Like there is no tomorrow.
Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, right?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
I asked my wife if she ever fantasizes about me, she said yes - about me taking out the trash, mowing the lawn, and doing the dishes.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas.
TRUE FRIENDSHIP: Walking into a persons house and your wifi connects automatically.
Everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes.
If you can go to the gym without telling people on the Internet, you are instantly hired by the CIA.
Now that I'm older, I realize that my imaginary friend was really nothing more than an imaginary acquaintance.
Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I saw a sign that said "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade".
Turning vegan is a big missed steak.
Always identify who to blame in an emergency.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
One day you're the best thing since sliced bread. The next, you're toast.
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
I always tell new hires, don't think of me as your boss, think of me as your friend who can fire you.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
I like to finish other people's sentences because... my version is better.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
I am known at the gym as the "before picture."
The reward for a job well done is more work.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
I bet you $4,567.89 you can't guess how much I owe my bookie.
Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
My husband is on the roof - only a few inches away from an insurance claim that could completely change my life.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? Because she threw out all the bent ones.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
You haven't experienced awkward until you try to tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
The grass may be greener on the other side but at least you don't have to mow it.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
I would give my dad what he really wants on Father's Day, but I can't afford to move out yet.
We never knew he was a drunk... until he showed up to work sober.
Friends are forever. Until they get in a relationship.
Yesterday, I fell down from a 10 meter ladder. Thank God I was on the third step.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
Before I never used to believe when scientist talk about men evolve from apes... But then I met YOU!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Autocorrect just changed "I have so much anxiety I can barely breathe" to "I'm fine."
I live in constant fear that my kid will become a famous artist or painter and I will have thrown out about a trillion dollars of her work.
I don't think you act stupid, I'm sure it's the real thing.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I'm sorry I wasn't part of your past, can I make it up by being in your future?
I need to start paying closer attention to stuff. Found out today my wife and I have separate names for the cat.
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
Told my wife I wanted our kids every other weekend and she reminded me that we're married and live together so I'd have to see them every day.
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, it's Election night.
I have never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep. In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
I'm in a long distance relationship. My girlfriend is in the future.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
Cats spend two thirds of their lives sleeping, and the other third making viral videos.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
I would like to thank everybody that stuck by my side for those five long minutes my house didn't have internet.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Don't tell me I don't know the difference between right & wrong. Wrong is the fun one.
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
I got caught in police speed trap yesterday. The officer walked up to my car and said "I've been waiting all day for you " Well I said. I got here as fast as I could.
A man enters a store and says: "15 litres of wine please." "Did you bring a container for this?" "You're speaking to it."
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild? Money.
What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? Artificial intelligence.
For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis.
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
The last airline I flew charged for everything. Except for the bad service. That was free.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
My mom said that if I don't get off my computer and do my homework she'll slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinfjreoiwjrtwe4to8rkljreun8f4ny84c8y4t58lym4wthylmhawt4mylt4amlathnatyn
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
Women should not have children after 35. Really ... 35 children are enough.
Time waits for no man, time is obviously a woman.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
Accidentally pooped my pants in the elevator. I'm taking this shit to a whole new level.
The deeper the pit you're falling into, the more chance you have to learn how to fly.
College is the opposite of kidnapping. They demand $100,000 from you or they'll send your kid back.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
It's ok computer, I go to sleep after 20 minutes of inactivity too.
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected. 
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
My wife sent her photograph to the Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren't that lonely.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Before I tell my wife something important, I take both her hands in mine. That way she can't hit me with them.
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
Nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
I just want to be rich enough to be referred to as eccentric instead of just nuts.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
I intend to live forever... or die trying.
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in their ear. 
I have a few jokes about unemployed people but it doesn't matter none of them work.
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
I work to buy a car to go to work.
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
Want to get noticed? Go jogging without moving your arms.
I don't have an attitude; I have a personality you can't handle.
Can't wait to start my New Years resolution in 2018!
A healthy sleep not only makes your life longer, but also shortens the workday.
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper? All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house.
Your life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by choice.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter. 
Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Wouldn't exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them?
Life isn't about winning and losing. It's about wishing you would have won and wondering why you lost.
There's nothing I've learned from being a father that I couldn't just as easily have figured out from setting all my money on fire.
My wife and I always compromise. I admit I'm wrong and she agrees with me.
The dinner I was cooking for my family was going to be a surprise but the fire trucks ruined it.
Doing things that you are not supposed to do at work makes your vision, hearing and alertness much better.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I hate lying people, they're always in my way to the ocean.
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
Sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over!
Remember, everyone seems normal until you get to know them...
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
Only after getting married you realise that those husband-wife jokes were not just jokes.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once. 
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
I think they picked me for my motivational skills. Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
Diplomacy is the art of sending someone to hell in the way that they are looking forward to it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
Looking at you, I understand why some animals eat their young.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches. 
I always give 110%. Oops. Left out the decimal point. I always give 1.10%.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
The recommended age to have a Ouija Board is 8+ years old. So, you need to be 21 years old to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil.
Maybe if we all sit extremely still, Monday won't be able to see us.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
My kids are very optimistic.  Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Marriage is full of surprises but it's mostly just asking each other "do you have to do that right now?"
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have cooked it on aloha teperature.
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions which your wife asks for nothing.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
You could very well be going to heaven but it won't be hell in hell without you!
I met my soulmate. She didn't.
The sun is going to go out in 4 billion years, and you sit there and act like everything is fine.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican? They steal all the green cards.
That awkward moment when you're about to hug someone sexy as hell and then you hit the mirror.
Success is like pregnancy. Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Dont be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm still looking.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
My resumé is just a list of things I hope you never ask me to do.
I gave up my seat to a blind person in the bus. That is how I lost my job as a bus driver.
It must be difficult to post inspirational Tweets when your blood type is B Negative.
Oh, you're straight? Well, so is spaghetti until it gets hot and wet.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
I thought I was just really tired but it's been 5 years so I guess this is how I look now.
Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working.
Whenever i have a headache,i take two asprins and keep away the children,like the bottle says
"Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I'd check my watch but I can't take my eyes off you." 
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?" 
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away? 
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Masturbation is like procrastination, it's all good and fun until you realize you are only fucking yourself!
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team? Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
What dog can jump higher than a building? Anydog, buildings can't jump!
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
I hate girls that complain about being single every 3 minutes. 90% of my socks are single & you don't see them crying about it.
What do women and police cars have in common? They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
My first child has gone off to college and I feel a great emptiness in my life. Specifically, in my checking account.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... details are sketchy.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Anger; the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Why don't we wait for life on other planets to find us? Why do we have to do all the work?
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
I'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
There's nothing like the joy on a kid's face when he first sees the PlayStation box containing the socks I got him for Christmas.
I hate two-faced people. It's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
Imagine being 5 minutes from the end of the longest movie ever & it starts over because it forgot something. That's my kid telling a story.
If you're going through Hell, keep going.
Love's a lot like a bullet in that the exit usually causes the most damage.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Let me make this simple, I want to be invited but I don't want to go.
It doesn't matter how much you work, there will always be an asshole that works less but gets more.
I'm good at multitasking and procrastinating, which means right now there are at least 28 things that I'm putting off until later.
3 people having sex is a threesome, 2 is a twosome. So next time someone calls you 'HANDSOME', don't take it as a compliment!
Shock me, say something intelligent.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
I plan to donate my liver to an alcoholic so i'll know it's a match
You'd think that with NSA reading our tweets all the time,  they could star or retweet some of the good ones.
The man who discovered copper died penniless.
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word? 
Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen.
"I'm sorry" and "I apologize" mean the same thing... except when you're at a funeral.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day.
Why can't blondes count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
The road to success is always under construction.
I've put something aside for a rainy day. It's an umbrella.
It's not a relationship until you argue about whose turn it is to apologize.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
A procrastinator's work is never done.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You're about as useless as an asshole with tastebuds.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
People are lot less judgy when you say you ate an 'avocado salad' instead of a bowl of guacamole.
I'm out of bed and dressed. What more do you want?
I am busy contemplating my future. Don't worry, this will only take a minute.
Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check?
I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.
Measure twice, cut five times, curse profusely, punch a wall, give up, call a professional.
Why doesn't the bike stand by itself? Because it's two tired.
At every party there are two kinds of people: those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
Failure is not an option—it comes bundled with the software.
Interviewer: "Why do you want this job?" Me: "I've just always been very passionate about not starving to death."
Stupidity comes in all shapes and sizes. Some of them even look like people.
If you can't say something nice, say it to your husband... he's not listening anyway.
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card? The thief was spending less then his wife.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
I hate when people use words without knowing the meaning... gives me a huge hysterectomy on the side of my head.
He doesn't know the meaning of fear... but then again, he doesn't know the meaning of MOST words.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
I wish the girls who rejected me in high school could see how many Pokémon I've caught.
My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I miss him!
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
Weddings and funerals are the same because I love going but I don't want them to be about me.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too. 
I'm here for whatever you need me to do from the couch.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
Loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are.
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet! 
I could be a morning person. If morning started around noon.
Sorry I'm late. I was trying to think of ways to get out of this.
The janitor said he took out the trash last night, he must forgot a piece, what are you still doing here?
Confucius says Love one another. If it doesn't work, just interchange the last two words.
Living on earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the sun.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again. 
Sorry I didn't text you back, but my phone recognized your number.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers? One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
If you can't remember my name, just say 'donuts'. I'll turn around and look.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
My annual performance review says I lack "passion & intensity", guess management hasn't seen me alone with a Big Mac.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles.
What is the difference between men and women? A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need...A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
Statistically 6 out of 7 Dwarfs are not Happy.
All I'm saying is why blame it on being lazy when you can blame it on being old?
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
When your kids are little you're a superhero. When they're teens you're a super villain. After that, your only power is invisibility.
I know I'm getting old... the other day I walked past a cemetery and two guys attacked me with shovels.
Morning is the time when everyone is jealous of unemployed.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday! 
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
Only a widow can say exactly where her husband is.
Your opinion is very important to me, please remain on the line until it goes to voicemail.
My wife's not too smart. I told her, our kids were spoiled. She said, "All kids smell that way."
Why didn't the Indian like having two t.p.'s? They made him 2 tence.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
I thought reverse psychology was when you made your therapist cry.
My resolution was to read more so I put the subtitles on my tv.
I might drive you crazy, but at least I'll take the scenic route.
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
42 percent of statistics are made up!
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the word 'Facial' is used.
Men don't realize that if we're sleeping with them on the first date, we're probably not interested in seeing them again either.
Don't let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
My wife had me take out more life insurance and now there's no grip left on the bath mat. Weird.
It takes patience to listen.. it takes skill to pretend you're listening.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person... but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
I typed "married" but it was auto-corrected to "martyred". Damn,smartphone has gained intelligence.
Most men know that women dream of having two men at the same time. But they don't understand that in those fantasies one man is cleaning the house and the other one is cooking.
Nobody's perfect. I'm a nobody.
Mostly men lie before the elections, sex and after fishing.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
I had amnesia once - maybe twice.
What's a mixed feeling? When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car. 
The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
You know what I did before I married? Anything I wanted to.
Early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate! 
You look like a before picture.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
You have to be flexible to work here. On many occasions, you'll be asked to bend over and grab your ankles.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Anyone who says "good morning" on a Monday is a sociopath.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut will have sex with anyone, a bitch will have sex with anyone but you.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use a lubricant.
What would martin luther king be if he was white? Alive.
We All KEA! My first day on the job at an IKEA store, I was told by my boss that employees needed to go to the meeting room before every shift. I asked why. He said, "Assembly required."
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality. 
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
I have as much authority as the Pope, i just don't have as many people who believe it.
Don't judge women by kilos, and you won't be judged by centimeters.
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything was last year.
The hardest part of any relationship is when it's not your turn to talk.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
So apparently RSVP'ing back to a wedding invite 'maybe next time' isn't the correct response.
Five days of the week, my body is a temple. The other two, it's an amusement park! 
Work is for people who don't know how to fish.
My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9.
I got fired from my job as a chef for stealing kitchen equipment. It's a whisk I was willing to take.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
Marriage is the main reason for divorce.
America where we celebrate Memorial Day with mattress sales.
Feeling stressed out? Make a nice cup of hot tea and then spill it in the lap of whoever's bugging you.
Identity theft is the most diabolical way someone can compliment you on doing a good job at life.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me "Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace" So I bought her nothing.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with. 
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic
The key to every relationship is honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. ...Gonna keep typing this until she stops looking over my shoulder.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
Deja Vu – When you think you're doing something you've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
Are you a Nice girl or Good girl?: NICE girls blush when they watch porn, GOOD girls smile cause they know they can do better. 
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays.
Remember, it's not what you do... it's what you get away with.
Me: Siri, why am I alone? Siri: *opens front facing camera*
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless.
Boy : I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Girl : I have a sandal you have a face. Think of Casualties.
But do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
If tomatoes are technically a fruit, is ketchup technically a smoothie?
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
I wonder if my first cat appreciates being at least slightly immortalized in my passwords.
For years, I struggled with dyslexia. Mostly because I was spelling it wrong.
I swear to drunk I'm not God, but seriously, stay in drugs, eat school, and don't do vegetables.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
 Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
Don't forget that alcohol helps to remove the stress, the bra, the panties and many other problems.
Why do husbands die before their wives? They want to.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
Social life? You mean my phone?
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean?  A: Nothing, they just waved.
Women sometimes make fools of men, but most guys are the do-it-yourself type.
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off, 
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
Why can't women read maps? Only the male mind can comprehend the concept of one inch equaling a mile.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
What do men and mascara have in common? They both run at the first sign of emotion.
It's so cold that I have to take half a Viagra so I won't pee on my shoes.
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother." 
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it. 
In my spare time I like to read, write, and fall in love with unavailable people.
Are you a computer whiz? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Life is a comedy for those who think, but a tragedy for those who feel.
There was only 2 things I was good at in school... Maths.
If I survived a plane crash in the wilderness, my biggest concern would be how much my airport parking bill would be.
The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is in the taste.
If you are joining a new bank bring money with you, make sure you take that into account.
Age is important only if you're cheese and wine.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
If I've learned anything in life, it's that not enough people are at a loss for words.
Everything becomes 100 times louder when you're trying not to wake someone up.
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
One day you will meet someone so amazing in every way who will want absolutely nothing to do with you.
Olympic track makes you feel like you witnesed a crime, because you hear a gunshot and then see a bunch of black guys hauling ass.
The light at the end of the tunnel – are the front lights of a train.
I am probably single....because i didnt forward those chain messages in 2008
What do you have when you have two balls in your hand? A man's undivided attention!
Nobody is interested in your sorrow, unless you can make a joke or a poem out of it.
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
The only reason the term 'Ladies first' was invented was for the guy to check out the woman's ass.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A: a rip off
If shit was music, you'd be an orchestra.
Money isn't everything but it sure keeps you in touch with your children.
We just got a fax. At work. We didn't know we had a fax machine. The entire department just stared at it. I poked it with a stick.
They say you are what you eat, so lay off the nuts.
As the joker said, if you are good at something why do it for free...
I never admit or deny anything it makes things more interesting.
If a stranger offers you a piece of candy...take two.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
I'm looking at the serving size of Laughing Cow cheese and I see why the cow is laughing.
I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.
Oh... I didn't tell you... Then It must be none of your business...
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? You must be because you are BeAuTi-ful.
I love my life, but it just wants to be friends...
If a man talks dirty to a woman, that's sexual harassment. If a woman talks dirty to a man, that'll be $6.50 a minute.
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way.
Even people who are good for nothing can bring smile on your face, when pushed down the stairs...
I always put in a full eight hours at work. Spread out over the course of the week.
I want to be something really scary for Halloween this year so I'm dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
Aging gracefully is like the nice way of saying you're slowly looking worse.
Five Secrets of Successful People:1. Don't 2. Tell 3. Anyone 4. Your 5. Secrets
I have the body of a 25 year old supermodel, but it takes up too much space in my freezer.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
I get plenty of exercise - jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines.
How many alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the bulb, and one to drink until the room starts spinning.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
People who make you feel special are keepers.  Anyone with such good taste has to be admired.
I let my kids follow their dreams, unless I already paid the registration fee on their last dream, then they follow that for 6-8 more weeks.
A camel can work 10 days without drinking, I can drink 10 days without working.
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
What's the difference between a woman having her period and a terrorist? You can negotiate with a terrorist
However lonely you feel, you're never alone. There are literally millions of bugs, mites and bacteria living in your house. Goodnight.
Why did the blonde stare at a frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? Because it said "concentrate"! 
Why do men like masturbation? It's sex with someone they love.
Music makes every day better, especially if you turn it up just loud enough to drown out all the people around you.
I always feel better when my doctor says something is normal for my age but then think dying will also be normal for my age at some point.
Why is there cotton in pill bottles? To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. Some things are just better rich.
I can feel my personality turning a dull shade of grey when I talk to you.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
My love for you is like dividing by zero - it cannot be defined.
My New Year's resolution is to help all my friends gain ten pounds so I look skinnier.
This isn't working out. I think we should start making other people miserable.
I like to show my girlfriend who's boss in our house by holding a mirror up to her face.
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
A woman participating in a survey was asked how she felt about condoms. She said, "Depends on what's in it for me."
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.'
I need a new bank account. This one has run out of money.
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet and so are you. But roses are wilting, violets are dead, sugar bowl's empty and so is your head.
Barking dog at the back door wanting in and your wife's yelling at the front wanting in. Which one do you let in? The dog, once he's in, he shuts up!
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
Unfortunately, but sometimes a woman can't find herself a man. She doesn't like the drunken ones, and the sober ones doesn't like her.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
The only thing worse than seeing something done wrong is seeing it done slowly.
For my next trick I need a condom and a volunteer...
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
Lazy People Fact #5812672793. You were too lazy to read that number.
Dating a single mother is like continuing from somebody else's saved game.
As best man it is my job to tell you about the groom, and all the embarrassing things that have happened to him in the 28 years leading up to what was the happiest day of his life until i started this speech.
Those of you who think you know it all are damn annoying to those of us who do!
A hole was found in the wall of a nudist camp. The police are looking into it.
What's the difference between men and government bonds? Bonds mature.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
I'm never wrong! One time, I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken!
Plan ahead - It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
I'm as bored as a slut on her period.
If every day is a gift, I'd like a receipt for Monday. I want to exchange it for another Friday.
If you are here - who is running hell?
My IQ came back negative.
Just took a power nap on a park bench. Made $7.30 in change.
All those years of getting horrible elementary school pictures was just society's way of preparing you for your driver's license photo.
Maybe you need a ladder to climb out of my business?
If you dont believe in Oral Sex, keep your mouth shut
Never marry a woman who was captain of the debate team.
 I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics need a drink, but I already have one.
Why do women close their eyes during sex? They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
Me: Real women don't care about romantic clichés. My internal voice: Please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers.
Raising children takes a village, preferably one with many vineyards.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
The hotel has a live band and my favourite song is "We're going for a break now, we'll be back later".
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
The good Lord didn't create anything without a purpose, but mosquitoes come close.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball! 
My wife and I had a two-hour fight about whether or not we were fighting.
How do construction workers party? they raise the roof.
Fridges should have glass doors.That way i dont have to stand with the fridge door open trying to figure out my next move.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made with meat?
I'm Irish. You're not really speaking my language until you start yelling.
Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
Did you know that your body is made 70% of water? And now I'm thirsty.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
I get it ladies, I had abs before I had kids too.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
Inflation: Being broke with a lot of money in your pocket.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common? They're married.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
Only dead fish go with the flow.
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Life is scary; at least the salary is funny.
I always knew that I could never be a lawyer because of my inability to pass a bar.
Remember: What dad really wants is a nap. Really.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
Before I buy a leaf blower I want to make sure I understand the rules. We just blow the leaves at each other's houses, right?
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you'll have trouble putting on your pants.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Dear men, "I don't want anything for Valentine's Day" is the same as "I'm fine." You're welcome.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Marijuana is the gateway drug to taking 45 minutes to pick out which color Gatorade you want to buy.
Cancer cures smoking.
Who is the most popular guy at the nudist colony? The guy who can carry a cup of coffee in each hand and a dozen donuts.
The problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
My email password has been hacked. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat.
How are tornadoes and marriage alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood? The Blacks get car insurance.
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
If anything is possible, is it possible for something to be impossible?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Republicans & Democrats are like divorced parents who care more about getting the kids to hate the other one than they are their well-being.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
I must have a nice butt, because, everytime I'm walking away from talking to someone they say "What an ass?"
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
Think Im Sarcastic? Watch Me Pretend To Care!
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I grew a beard thinking it would say "Distinguished Gentleman." Instead, turns out it says, "Senior Discount, Please!"
I'm the type of person who tries to fall back asleep in the morning, just to finish a dream.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking out of the box.
Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes? Toes go in first!
It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
If God is your co-pilot - swap seats.
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional. 
1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother Colin. Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
Don't go through that door that mysteriously opened all by itself in that 300 year old hotel with a tragic past.
Smartphones are pacifiers for adults.
Is everything expensive or I'm just poor?
ISIS is taking back territory after a surprise turn of events. Their new partnership with Samsung is quickly paying off
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
Fishermen are reel men.
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
Tell me again how I unloaded the dishwasher too loudly when you were watching golf. Detectives will want to know exactly how this went down.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
I have one of those unlimited cell phone plans. There's no limit to how much they can charge me.
Nothing says' I love my dog' quite like spending more money on his haircut than you do your own.
If you don't drink, smoke or do drugs you may live long enough to be a real burden to loved ones.  Please pass the wine.
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone.
Why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner, then reach down, pick it up, examine it, then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance?
Why did Eve bite the forbidden apple? Because it tasted better than Adam's banana.  
I tried to get back to the drawing board but I can't draw.
Introducing myself to new boyfriends parents: "Hi, I usually don't make it this far."
Never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas.
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? "Put it on my bill."
"Raccoons"? Oh, you mean garbage pandas?
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
My friends say that I'm gay because I don't like football. What a bunch of idiots. I'm gay because I like cock.
Q: Why are all blacks fast? A: The slow ones are in jail.
If we put aside our differences and work together, I truly believe we can come up with a few more alternate spellings of the name Britney.
I guess the Tupperware lids in my house just graduate and go off to college or something.
Depression: A period during which we have to get along without the things our grandparents never dreamed of.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
668 – The neighbour of the beast.
They say people couldn't have everything because they don't have enough space to put it, I say 'everything' includes a bag with infinite space so I can put everything in easily.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Q: What did the nurse say to John Cena? A: ICU.
I am not the kind of girl you can take home to your wife.
Secret: Something which is told to one person at a time.
It's good to learn from other's mistakes, I wish people learn something from me.
It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then it's just a game. Find the eye!
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
You're the best! At being the worst.
26.8 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
Hurry! Stop standing around, hearing all you can see!
My mind is like a steel trap. Rusty and illegal in 37 states.
Duck tape fixes everything... Except relationships because she won't let you put it over her mouth.
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
A garage sale is actually a Garbage sale but the "b" is silent.
Crime doesn't pay... does that mean that my job is a crime?
I like to hold hands at the movies... which always seems to startle strangers.
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
Don't let your worries get the best of you; remember, Moses started out as a basket case.
Life without women would be a pain in the ass, literally.
What did the blonde say when she saw Cheerios? Donut seeds.
Life is sexually transmitted.
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy. 
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. 
How do people lose their kids at the mall? Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
Never answer an anonymous letter.
Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
A woman never wakes up her second baby just to see it smile.
The five most essential words for a healthy, vital relationship "I apologize" and "You are right."
A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water.
Why do men name their penises? Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
Everything you do you're gonna regret. But if you do nothing – you will not only regret but will also suffer.
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore? A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
Somewhere an elderly lady reads a book on how to use the internet, while a young boy googles "how to read a book".
I wasn't planning on giving Christmas gifts this year until I heard about those exploding Samsung Galaxy phones.
You have the perfect face for radio.
Sure, white people can't say the "N word" but at least we can say phrases like, "Thanks for the warning, Officer" and, "Hey, Dad."
Your smile must be a black hole, nothing can escape its pull.
If Mayans could predict the future, why didn't they predict their extinction?
We must be subatomic particles, because I feel strong force between us.
I saw a guy on his motorcycle and the back of his shirt said "If you can read this the b*tch fell off."
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.
Actually, I don't think you're dyslexic; just really, really stupid. 
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it's hot.
Updating your relationship status in public is fine. Updating your relationship problems in public is stupidity.
I eat the broken cookies first because I feel bad for them.
Introverts have fun too, we just don't care if you know...
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
I'm watching my neighbor through the blinds, he's so creepy.
The end of a relationship isn't the worst thing. It's worse when it doesn't end after the end.
Sometimes, when I close my eyes, I can't see.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
Why kill time when you can make it work for you?
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
When I was born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? It's 'cause he nailed it!
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge. 
Why do people litter? Because they dont take the litter signs litterally.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
What color do Smurfs turn if you choke them?
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
My brain is not equipped with facial or name recognition technology.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Life is an internet. 30 days after you met she wants you to register and begins taking taxes every month.
You should argue with your wife only when she's not around.
A friend is like a book: you don't need to read all of them, just pick the best ones.
99% of women say they don't like men who wear leather pants. Which works out perfectly, since 100% of men who wear leather pants don't like women.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
If you're looking for the best time to spill things on yourself, might I suggest wearing a white shirt and right before an interview.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
Well aren't you a waste of two billion years of evolution.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
You know that person that always have to be right and have the last word? Shoot them!
Upgrade your weekend: Take Monday Off...
If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
Baseball is my favorite sport, because you can play it on a professional level with food in your mouth.
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Whats long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber. 
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
My dream woman has a special combination of inner and outer beauty and is, most importantly, too naive to know she's way out of my league.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
My wife made me into millionaire. I was a multi-millionaire before we met.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
Took my dog to a bonfire and as he sat there staring at it blankly I realized he loves sticks. I was burning a giant pile of his toys.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
*wife walks in to see the boys have built a chair fort* Wife: PUT THOSE CHAIRS BACK! Me *climbing out of fort* YOU HEARD YOUR MOTHER!
If everyone was like you the human race would lose faith in the world.
I'm taking part in a stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
No Déjà vu please...I Don't want to go through that again
A successful man is one who makes more money that his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Join The Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
Whenever you get mad, just think of a t-rex trying to masturbate.
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
At Comic Con, all I could think was how happy these people's moms must be to have the house to themselves for a few hours.
What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A: A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
Why does a blond wear a tight skirt? To keep here legs closed. 
Slept like a log last night... Woke up in the fireplace. 
don't regret doing things, regret getting caught
Friends are like boobs. Some big,some small. Some real, some fake.
Stop with the blind jokes ... I don´t see the point.
Programming is like sex; one mistake and you have to support for a lifetime.
Scientists proved that cows don't give us meat and milk. We just take it from them!
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Beauty is only skin deep ...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Cindrella?
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
There are two types of guys: those who pee in the shower and those who don't admit it.
I love the F5 key. It´s just so refreshing.
I recently added squats to my workouts by moving the beer into the bottom shelf of the fridge.
Why name hurricanes lame names, like Sandy? Name that shit Hurricane Death Megatron 300 and I guarantee niggas be evacuating like they need to.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that tiny thing?  
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
Did you hear about the guy who choked on a pretzel? He was very salty.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Why do blondes wear underwear? To keep their ankles warm.
The human soul weighs 1.2lbs. I know because I've weighed myself before and after I walk into my job.
Sorry, my dog ate your text message.
Did you hear about the gay security guard who got fired from his job at the sperm bank? He got caught drinking on the job.
Why wasnt there any blacks in the flintstones? Because they were still monkeys.
What's "68"? You do me and I owe you one.
A donkey fell into a bowl of sugar. Now that's a sweet ass.
Blind man walks into a bar... And a table, and a chair.
Secret to success is to know who to blame for your failures.
THANKS TO YOU I have learned that my prayers only get answered if I forward an e-mail to seven of my friends and make a wish within five minutes.
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he doesn't even know it — and he's always on time.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion.
The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Why did the duck go to rehab? Because he was a quack addict!
Why do men like love at first sight? It saves them a lot of time.
According to the principle of the sandwich, if you put butter on both sides the sandwich will hang in the air.
They call it "pms" because "mad cow disease" was already taken.
What do ghosts serve for dessert? I Scream.
I'm not a Facebook status, you don't have to like me.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
Don't be nervous if someone is driving ahead of you- the world is round, just think that you're driving first!
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
My daughter told me she wants to be a secret agent. Based on that alone, I don't think she'd be a good secret agent.
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic.
Avoid arguments about the toilet seat...use the sink...
Tomorrow: The best labor saving device of today.
Sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves!
I think I'll tell my kids that the Titanic sunk because Jack and Rose had sex before marriage.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Everything happens for a reason; unfortunately, sometimes the reason is you.
Dear Week, I'm so over you. I'm leaving you for your best friend, Weekend. Don't try to find us for at least 2 days.
Sex is like air; its not important unless you arent getting any.
I never loved you any more than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than I do, right this second.
What is a video game characters favorite method of brawling? Hitboxing!
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Got a case for my iPhone even though the screen is already cracked. So basically it's like putting a condom on my kid's head.
When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Love is not the number of times you kissed her, but the number of moments you were dying to kiss her.
My calling in life went straight to voicemail.
How long have I been working for this company? Ever since they threatened to fire me.
Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
The difference between true love and dinosaurs: We're sure that dinosaurs once existed on this earth.
If a church wants a better pastor, It only needs to pray for the one it has. 
I can't count how many times I failed maths at school.
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love; the poor know that it is money.
Why does the Law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? To prevent clients from being billed twice for essentially the same service! 
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put "U" and "I" together.
White smoke from under my hood means either my starter went out or my car has elected a new Pope.
I use artificial sweetener at work. I add it to everything I say to my boss.
Concerning the absence of toilet paper, there should be complaint books laid out at publicly used places.
I wish conversations were like user agreements where I could skip to the end and just agree.
In accordance to the Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics, we may already be in love right now.
Born free, taxed to death.
Stephen Hawking says we've got about 1,000 years to find a new place to live. That isn't even enough time for my girlfriend to pack.
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental! 
My mind wants to dance but my body is a really awkward white guy.
I had an argument with a woman... yeah... I lost...
People are like trees, if you chop them with an axe they die.
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Do one thing that scares you every day. Maybe do four things. Live in constant fear.
What does snowman have and snow women doesn't, snowballs.
Accidentally called 911. Set my house on fire to not look stupid.
Only in America ... do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
I sleep better naked…why can't the flight attendant understand this?
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
Lawyers really aren't so bad, it's just ninety-nine percent of lawyers that make the rest look bad.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
I don't have a Fitbit. But I have a couple of fat bits.
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb.
Someone just honked their horn to get me out of my parking space quicker so now we will both be here until we're dead.
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
I often confuse reptiles and amphibians. Actually, if I'm being brutally honest, they pretty much never know what I'm talking about.
What do you call an academically successful slice of bread? An honor roll.
What does the dish scrambled eggs and brains have in common? Ignorant people!
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven "ate" nine.
You can't be a real country unless you have a BEER and an airline - it helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a BEER.
If I wanted your opinion, I would give it to you.
I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it.
Why did the prawn leave the nightclub? Because he pulled a muscle.
Sometimes I shoot off at the mouth but I have turrets syndrome.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
Have a girl that everyone else dreams about, but don't dream about a girl that everyone else has.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
When my friends are sad, i send them a long ass paragraph, but when I'm sad, they only say "Oh sorry" or "Well that sucks".
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
You should need a license to be that ugly.
I'd like to think inside your box.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type!
Dont stop! I dont usually get to see beauty in motion
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
Are you a singularity? Not only are you attractive, but the closer I get to you, the faster time seems to slip by.
Chinese kid was born before the due date. Parents named him Sudden Lee.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
Why did God create the orgasm? So women can moan even when they're happy.
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer ...oh wait, he does.
If by free spirits you mean an open bar, then yes I love free spirits.
Ladies and gentlemen, if there's anybody here this afternoon who's feeling nervous, apprehensive and queasy at the thought of what lies ahead, it's probably because you have just got married to (NAME).
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
The advantage of using a nailcutter is, you won't get scratchmark on your forehead skin and the disadvantage is, you can't peel off garlic skin.
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
An escalator can never break — it can only become stairs.
The only thing I have to offer men is that I don't ask questions during a movie.
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
What do call an Irishman sitting by the pool? Paddy O'Furniture.
Everything always ends well. If not – it's probably not the end.
Ask me about my vow of silence.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails= 4 given.
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme!
Take an icecube to the bar, smash it and say: "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
What do electric trains and women's breasts have in common? They were originally intended for children but it's the men who play with them the most.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
People say I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited? He's breathing.
Donated his brain to science before he was done using it.
When men say "I'm fine" they actually mean it.   Weirdos.
Credit cards are VERY dangerous. Every time I try to use one somebody starts chasing me with scissors.
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes.
Ever since I took geometry at school, my life has turned around 360 degrees.
If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him check books.
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
Handsome, Sweet, Intelligent, spontaneous, good-looking, nice friends, charming, funny, well...Enough about ME! How about you?
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
The most dangerous room in the house really depends on where your wife is at the moment.
Because of the disregard towards safety techniques people not only die but are also born.
Save your breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
70% of our planet is covered in water, the other 30% is covered in idiots.
What did the painter say to her boyfriend? "I love you with all my art!" 
Was your ass forged by Sauron because it is precious!
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
A blonde said, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off, I was relieved when he told me all I needed was turn-signal fluid." 
What did the little Mexican boy get for christmas? My bike.
No! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk. I am not drunk! Who would name their kid drunk?
Not to brag, but my antics at work resulted in several items being added to the employee manual.
Somedays I feel like running away. Then I remember how much I hate running.
Dream carefully, because dreams come true.
I know my limits: if I fell down it means enough.
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
How Do they say "F**k You" in Hollywood? "Trust Me..."
If your left leg was thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
Some people think that their life experience compensates for their lack of brain.
"What else can we think about?" - Insomnia
Marriage is like coffee. First it's really hot. Then it's just right. Then it helps you to get off your ass and do things.
I'll never forget my grandpa's final words, "stop shaking the ladder you cunt."
If at first you don't succeed, blame someone else and seek counseling.
To be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
Want to hear a pizza joke... nah, it's too cheesy. What about a construction joke? Oh never mind, I'm still working on that one. Did you hear the one about the rope? Skip it. Have you heard the one about the guy in the wheelchair? Never mind, it's too lame.
Why do white people always go to black people's garage sales? To get their stuff back!
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
The kiss is a wordless articulation of desire whose object lies in the future, and somewhat to the south.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
To weigh 50 kilos and say that you're fat, that is so female…
Don't feed the animals at the zoo! You should better feed the security guard!
The panic begins with the first one to say ‘Calm down!'
Dyslexic, you say? How do you spell that?
Girl: My GrandFather Lived For 96 Years & He Never Used Glasses. Boy: Yeah I Know, Few People Drink Directly From Bottle.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One looks over at the other and says: "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
Relationship Status: I'm a Rubik's Cube. Now try and figure me out.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: "I told you so."
If cats could text you back, they wouldn't.
Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? It takes too long to retrain them. 
I just want to live in a world where people come with on/off switches.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe
Few women admit their age; few men act it.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
Scooters are for men who want to ride motorcycles, but prefer to feel the wind on their vaginas.
You'll never have a successful relationship with a woman if you can't tell the difference between a smile and a warning.
He's a few clowns short of a circus. 
Tequila is a good drink: you drink it and you feel like a cactus; the only problem is that in the morning the thorns grow inward.
An average teenage boy nowadays has seen more naked women than all of their ancestors put together.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
Just trying to give my kids a few childhood memories they don't have to repress...
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
If we get rid of all the margarine the world will be a butter place.
There are no winners in life ...only survivors.
I'm in shape. Round is a shape isn't it
Men are like Bluetooth. When they're close they're connected, when they move further they start looking for new equipment.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying
My girl always tells me "Life is about the little things", but I just hate when she talks about her Ex.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines. …
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
What did the blanket say to the bed? Don't worry Ive got you covered!
Where do you find a birthday present for a cat? In a cat-alogue!
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Generally, all generalisations are false.
I'd tell a joke about claustrophobic people, but it might be to tight for you.
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
Why are birthday's good for you? Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!
I tried phone sex once, but the holes were too small.
 Why do Retirees smile all the time? Because they can't hear a word you're saying! 
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
Just asked my wife what she's "burning up for dinner" and it turned out to be all of my personal belongings.
It's okay Microsoft Excel even my love life is not responding.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.
 What is it called when a blonde blows in another blond's ear? Data transfer. 
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
How is it that I always seem to buy the plants without the will to live?
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow. 
I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong.
Your clothes would look better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s
if a single teacher cant teach us all subjects,how is a student supposed to learn all the fucking subjects?
 Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
You're sweeter than 3.14
I'm trying to finish writing a script for a porno movie, but there are just too many holes in the plot.
Alcohol won't mend a broken heart.But that doesn't mean I won't try it again tonight.
Kids, don't grow up... it's a trap!
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say? "Beat it - we're closed."
Two years ago I married a lovely young virgin, and if that doesn't change soon, I'm gonna divorce her.
How did two oceans or seas become friends? Because they kept waving at each other.
Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey because it is always stuffed.
Why don't the enemies of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles just flip them on their backs?
I love when I leave work early to surprise my wife at home and she greets me with those three very special words… "Were you fired?"
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
I think the only time my ex didn't fake an orgasm was when the judge signed the divorce papers.
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Get married early in the morning. That way, if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted a whole day.
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
You don't work – you don't have money to live, you work – there's no time to live.
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
What does it mean when you see a bunch of blacks running in one direction? Jail break.
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
Why do female skydivers wear jock straps? So they don't whistle on the way down.
An idea came to the mind, and now she's searching for the brain.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
I'm pretty sure I'm going to die without knowing what 95% of a scientific calculator is used for.
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Definition of a teenager? God's punishment for enjoying sex. 
In democracy, it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Your mama is so stupid, she thought you were smart.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Somebody stole my mood ring and I'm not quite sure how I feel about that..
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?
Life didn't work out, but everything else is not that bad.
Love helps to kill time. And time helps to kill love.
My wife has to be the worst cook. Her specialty is indigestion.
Do I play fantasy football? Dude, I'm 46 and married. Most of my life is fantasy.
Does time fly when you're having sex or was it really just one minute?
I wish you were a door so I could slam you all day long. 
Strangers have the best candy.
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
The less you love a woman, the faster your hand gets tired.
The best things in the world are free - and worth every penny of it.
Patient: "Doctor, I get heartburn every time I eat birthday cake." Doctor: "Next time, take off the candles."
"You can't sleep either?" Says a voice from under your bed.
Karma is like 69. You get what you give.
We need to look at how the world really works, not just accept the way we are told it works.
At my funeral the priest will throw my corpse into the crowd and whoever catches it will be the next to die.
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Darling, what are you thinking about right now? If I would want you to know, I would say it not think about it.
I got excited when my son joined the cross-country team. But then I learned they don't cross the country and are back home in a few hours.
I've snagged so many catfish on dating sites, I'm now a licensed fisherman.
My cat constantly looks at me like I asked her to give me a ride to the airport.
What is the only time a man thinks about a candlelight dinner? When the power goes off.
Son, when I was your age there was no social media. You had to go to a bar and buy endless drinks to be ignored by multiple women.
Q: What did the Dorito say to the other Dorito.  A: I can't tell you it was to cheesy.
It's better to be the first lover than a third wife.
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry? Never lick the spoon.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
What did one autumn leaf say to another? I'm falling for you.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? A: "Beef Jerky!"
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Have you heard about the new supersensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack? A: "I need to axe you a question."
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
I buy a lot of ringtones for someone who hasn't answered a phone call since 2008.
The problem with being in the center of attention is that half of it is always behind your back.
Alcohol makes people do things they know they shouldn't but kinda want to. E.g I started sleeping 20 hours a day.
Money is the root of all wealth.
Our conscience is clear- we don't use it.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me.
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't open the door? TRIFORCE!
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
I carry a permanent marker just in case someone without a mustache falls asleep.
I'm an antisocial-psychic. I can see ahead of time that I won't want to talk to you.
I start every conversation with my employees by saying, "I shouldn't be telling you this" just so I know they will listen.
I won $3 million on the lottery this weekend so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
I'm not crazy; I've just been in a bad mood for the last ten years.
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus ? He stole the show !
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
Mom: If a boy touches your boobs say "don't" and if he touches your pussy say "stop"? Girl: But mom, he touched both so I said "don't stop".  
Prayer: Don't give God instructions -- just report for duty!
When I look into your eyes, I see straight through to the back of your head.
My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory.
I threw an Asian man down a flight of stairs. It was Wong on so many levels.
Are you the square root of -1? Because you can't be real.
Why is it good to have a blonde passenger? You can park in the handicap zone. 
Love is like a machine... sometimes you need a good screw to fix it.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.
Always give 100% at work: 12% Monday, 23% Tuesday, 40% Wednesday, 20% Thursday, 5% Friday.
I like the sound of you not talking.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish
You take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm and success and, really, there's no real difference between me and George Clooney.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you know how to make a wiener stand.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
Here's $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
Your secrets are safe with me because I literally won't remember them. This also applies to your birthday. Your birthdays are safe with me.
If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to do it?
Virginity is curable.
I asked my friend for a sharpened pencil, but he didn't have one. I always knew he was a little dull...
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good.
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
What do you call a blonde between two brunettes? A mental block.
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it!
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
What's the most poular Christmas carol in the desert? Oh caaamel ye faithful.
There are two types of people in this world: Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past.
Dear ladies, if you want to have more free time and have fun on the weekends, teach your men fishing!
Whenever I have a one night stand, I always use protection. A fake name and a fake number.
When your partner wants to have intercourse pull up a chair and start talking.
What is a vampires favourite type of ship? A blood vessel.
If you got tired of living, don't share your thoughts with all your friends – they might not give you a chance to change your mind…
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
A relationship without trust is like a phone without service. And what do you do with a phone without service? You play games.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
Masturbating is wrong in some people's eyes... Also, it burns.
If I throw a stick, will you leave? 
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
The Shining is my favorite movie about what can happen when you spend too much time with family.
Text him again. He probably just forgot that he's in love with you.
If a woman has fallen – an idiot will walk by, a gentleman will help her to get up, but a real man will lie down with her.
You don't like her? Drink more.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
If you are not part of the solution, you're probably running for President
If you can't beat the record, you can beat up its owner.
The 3 stages of man: He believes in Santa Claus. He doesn't believe in Santa Claus. He is Santa Claus.
We live in an age where mentioning you read a book seems a little bit like you're showing off.
Everyone can be dick but you are an art form of a dick.
Why did the blonde scale the glass wall? To see what was on the other side.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head? A Space Invader. 
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: "What is that?" you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Excuse me? Do you work at Little Ceasars? Cuz Ur Hot And I'm Ready.
A man came up with a new invention, a vibrating tampon. That way a woman can be at her best when she is at her worst.
Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
How do you get a blonde to marry you? Tell her she's pregnant.
All the problems fade before a hangover
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named ‘Bush', ‘Dick', and ‘Colon'. Need I say more?
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera? Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
How do you know when Santa's in the room? You can sense his presents.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic!
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
Sleep is my drug….my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn? A: Out dated farming equipment.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
He was in a pub when he proposed. It was very romantic – he got up on one knee.
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? Third Grade!
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
What do lawyers and sperm have in common? One in 3,000,000 has a chance of becoming human.
The speed of light is when you take out a bottle of beer out of the fridge before the light comes on.
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning? Introduces themself.
If God made anything better than pussy he kept it for himself.
*Puts down phone* OH MY GOD I HAVE ANOTHER HAND!
She's so fat, she fell down and rocked herself to sleep trying to get up!
I know how to feed a nation…but will she eat it?
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them.
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that don't matter.
I assert dominance over millennials by responding to their texts with phone calls.
I dont care or think about the people in my past... there is some reason why they didn't make it to my future!
My son is an ungrateful little shit! I bought him a trampoline for Christmas, but he'd rather sit in his wheelchair and cry.
Let's emotionally damage each other and call it Love.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
She said I wanna look bomb in the party. I said don't worry, we'll have a blast.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
I know Jiu-Jitsu, Sambo, Judo, Aikido and lots of other scary words.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
Wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress?
Are your parents siblings?
There is no point of running away form a sniper. You will die from exhaustion.
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest.
I used to think love() was abstract, until you implemented it in MyHeart.
If it is not Valentines day and you see a man in a flower shop, you can probably start up a conversation by asking, 'What did you do?' 
What's a man's idea of a perfect date? A woman who answers the door stark naked holding a six pack.
Heading out for drinks, bail money's on top of the fridge.
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
If a woman is cold as a fish, a man has to be as patient as a fisherman.
I know that there are people who don't love their fellow man – I hate those people.
Mattel has a campaign urging girls to pursue their limitless potential. It's called You Can Be Anything Except A Woman With Barbie's Body.
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
If the music's too loud you're too old.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
Such a little man, such a drama queen.
Please cooperate otherwise it gonna look like rape.
I drink straight out a of the wine bottle while cooking. I think that's what they mean by reducing it.
I read a survey that said 82% of people enjoy being cuddled. But if the people on this bus are any indication, the real figure is, like 0%.
There's never enough time to do it right, but there's always enough time to do it over.
I think without doubt the best job in Iraq, would have to be Foreign Ambassador...
You can consider yourself lucky in life, if the cognac you drink is older than the woman that you're sleeping with.
My idea of flirting is giving a girl 1 of my 10 tacos.
 Why doesn't Santa have any kids? He only comes once a year. 
A four letter word that every man is afraid of? (More)
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Married.
I don't care how funny you are, if I don't like you, I won't laugh.
Screw me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from local zoo.
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night? A widow.
If you weigh 99 pounds and eat 1 pound of nachos you will be 1% nachos!
If you jingle my bells ill promise you a white Christmas.
What do you call one black on the moon? Problem. What do you call ten blacks on the moon? Problems. What do you call the entire black population on the moon? Problem solved.
What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease? One is a cunning runt, and the other is a running c*nt.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it ...so I said "Implants?"
You're so fat that your husband rolled over after sex, rolled over again and was STILL on top of you.
Nothing brings neighbors together, like a broken elevator.
I wanted to thank you personally for the like. That's why I'm in your house.
The only thing more important than your happiness is mine so get on it.
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.
When does a black guy type the fastest... When he trying to guess the Alarm code.
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.
"Were any famous men born on your birthday?" "No, only little babies." 
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
You look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong!
Football gave me a traumatic brain injury and I was only watching.
If he hurts you, cry a river and then drown him in it.
2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2.
When I said "I was afraid of the dentist", I meant the bill.
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak? February 14th.
An angry woman can pack everything she owns in an hour, but it will take her a week to pack for vacation? Women...
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.
I am more pissed off than a dragon trying to blow out candles.
My name is John but you can call me tonight.
Men are fun to argue with, because even IF they win... they lose.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
I can't get enough minimalism.
Men of quality respect women's equality.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
Whoever coined the phrase "Quiet as a mouse" has never stepped on one.
Don't drink while driving – you will spill the beer.
I bet the worst part about being a birthday cake is when you're set on fire, and then eaten by the hero that saved you.
Did you hear about the blind prostitute? Well, you got to hand it to her.
How can you be so sad when you are so beautiful?
If you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember...You can always change your birthday on facebook!
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy.
What does a gay man and an ambulance have in common? They both get loaded from the rear and go whoo-whoo!
Do you believe in love at first sight or do i pass by you again.
I found out about you from my last nightmare.
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-BOO!
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
If you see me with a water bottle, there's probably vodka in it
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen Pregnant? He forgot to wrap his whopper!
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
Guy: Wanna go out? Girl: I have a boyfriend. Guy: It's just like soccer, just because theres a goalie doesnt mean you cant score.
What did the blonde say when someone blew in her ear? Thanks for the refill. 
How long does it take a black lady to shit? About 9 months.
Most guys walk up and stick it in... I stick it in then walk up...
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
Cannibals like to meat people.
I wanted to lose 10 pounds this year. Only 13 to go.
Why did Martin Luther King Jr. boycott laundry detergent? Because it told him to keep his whites and colors separate.
I saw a man yesterday who was so bald I could see what he was thinking.
My wife is not buying that autocorrect changed "You're psychic" to "You're psycho."
 I don't do different things... It's just that I do things differently!
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
My wife still hasn't told me what my New Year's resolutions are.
You're 10 times more likely to die when your girlfriend says, "I'm fine" than when you are flying on an airplane.
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other never forgets them.
Remember, children. The best way to get a puppy for Christmas is to beg for a baby brother.
The device will work much better, if you turn it on.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?" She said, "Somewhere I have never been!" I told her, "How about the kitchen?"
All my dance moves look like i'm trying to tell the guy on first base to steal second..
You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
I don't think it's rude to ask someone in an online dating site to send a picture posing with a copy of today's newspaper.
If at first you don't succeed: try management.
I'm smiling. This should scare you.
What's the best way to get a man to remember your anniversary? Get married on his birthday.
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do.
What do you call a white person running down a hill? An avalanche.  What do you call a mexican running down the hill? A mudslide.  What do you call a black person running down the hill? Prison break.
What are the three words women hate to hear during sex? "Honey, I'm home!"
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
How is education going to make me smarter?
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
Scratches and dents on the doors of your car are the side effects of bad driving.
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the bathtub.
There is no I in Team, but there's always one big A... if you know what I mean.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
You shouldn't come back, because later you'll still want to leave.
What's the difference between a hooker and a woman with a cold? A woman with a cold blows her nose...
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
I think football would become an even better game if someone could invent a ball that kicks back.
No matter how bad you are playing, it is always possible to play worse.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
You don't notice the air, until someone spoils it.
Why is being in the military like a blow-job? The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel. 
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
Wife renewed me for another season.
We're you made in a lab, cause damn you are one failed experiment.
Sex is a misdemeanor; the more I miss, the meaner I get!
When you don't know, what you are doing, it's best, to do it quickly.
Nope. Not gonna follow anyone whose name is upside down. I got enough problems.
Look, if crying doesn't solve the problem, then maybe I'm just not the person you should be asking.
On a scale of newlyweds to married 25 years, how willing are you to admit I'm right?
My girlfriend left me because she couldn't handle my OCD. I told her to close the door five times on her way out.
This may sound arrogant but I think I could make a better Periodic Table.
If you want your dreams to be as fascinating to other people as they are to you, don't mention it's a dream until the end of the story.
I'm a people person, but from a distance.
Ugh, who has time to work out?... I say before a 45 minute nap.
We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Egotist: A person who is usually me-deep in conversation.
A cop accidentally arrested a judge who was dressed like a convict for a costume party. He learned to never book a judge by their cover.
Q: When do you kick a midget in the balls? A: When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.
I have a friend. He keeps trying to convince me he's a compulsive liar, but I don't believe him.
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine's Day? "I'm stuck on you!"
What did the light bulb say to the switch? "You turn me on."
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again.
I will have enough money for the rest of my life. Of course, if I don't buy and eat anything.
There are no limits to my perfection – a monkey was thinking while looking at a human.
My wife installed a mirror over our bed. She said she likes to watch herself laugh.
How are you related to the sun? Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
If I had a dollar for everytime I had an existential crisis it wouldnt matter because currency is a social construct and life is meaningless.
I speak Swedish with an Ikea accent.
Even paranoids have enemies.
The consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a retard. 
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
I own the erasers for all the miniature golf pencils.
The get rich or die trying philosophy on life is going terribly one sided for me.
I'd like to start today by telling you how wonderful (NAME) is. I'd like to but...
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Why do they say that eating yogurt and oysters will improve your sex life? Because if you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I've been running as fast as I can, but I still can't catch my breath.
Suicide: Mans way of telling God - "You can't fire me, I quit".
Why do blacks wear white gloves? So they don't bite their fingers eating tootsie rolls.
Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white? So he can tell if he's coming or going.
Temples are free to enter but still empty. Pubs charge to enter, but are full. People ignore inner peace &choose to pay for self destruction
A black guy and a Mexican guy opened a restaurant. It's called Nacho Mama.
If you get in the mood to do some work, someone will always wake you up.
Oxygen is proven to be a toxic gas. Anyone who inhales oxygen will normally dies within 80 years.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
What does tightrope walking and getting a blowjob from Grandma have in common? You don't look down.
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts. 
Men should be like coffee: strong, hot and not letting you sleep for the whole night. However, most of them are like copy machines: suitable only for reproduction.
The value of money in a relationship: the 10 bucks that the wife and the tax inspection don't know about are worth more than the 100 that both know about.
My ex-girlfriend told me nothing shocks her anymore so I switched her digital scale from Lbs to Kg.
Missionary Impossible: When 2 fat people try to have sex.
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
Are my undies showing? ["No."] "Would you like them to?"
Smoking is a slow death! But we're not in a hurry…
Why do blacks smell? So blind people can hate them too.
What's long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
Spider-man has been unmasked in all his last 4 films. If I was him, I wouldn't even bother dressing up.
To the 20 year old girl who wrote an essay claiming she is too pretty to be allowed to lead a normal life:Same.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
The last time someone listened to a Bush, a bunch of people wandered in the desert for 40 years!
My New Years resolution is 1080p.
What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? They've both swallowed a lot of seamen.
Why is 68 the maximum speed for blondes? Because at 69 they blow a rod.
People always say to do exercise, I do Breathing... Could I be more WORKING!
My wife's maggot soup surprise is better than it used to be now that it is topped with coal ash.
One day I shall solve my problems with maturity. Today, however, it will be alcohol.
Magician: I need a volunteer. [man stands] Not you. [woman stands] Not you. GARY GET UP HERE! [Gary goes up] We've never met before, right?
‘Darling, will you catch me if I jump into the water?' ‘Darling, if I say yes, will you jump?
Me: let's go this way. Shopping cart: no.
I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I'm gonna put pins into all the locations that I've traveled to. But first, I'm gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won't fall down.
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
I think I married someone else's soulmate. I wish they'd come get him.
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
Salary is like a period – you wait for it a whole month and it ends in a week.
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Learn from your parents' mistakes: use birth control.
Hey, I'm not saying Hitler was a great guy, but he really saved the Histoy channel.
If God hadn't meant the pussy to be eaten, he wouldn't have made it look like a taco.
Men mostly hate two words: 'not' and 'enough'… unless you say them together.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
What is it when a woman talks dirty to a man? $3.99 a minute.
Einstein used science to get laid; that guy is a genius... I've been using money.
I run faster horny than you do scared.
Burglar gently waking me... "you live like this?"
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
When you get to your wit's end, You'll find God lives there.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
Why did the cannibal break up with his girlfriend? She didn't suit his taste!
A person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer.
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus? At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
Where does one apply to be a "kept man"?
Marriage advice for dummies: Five worst things you can do  5 Abandon 4 Lie 3 Cheat 2 Abuse 1 Forget to start the dishwasher
Do you know why I make puns? Because it's my respunsibility.
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes.
Here's to alcohol, the cause of – and solution to – all life's problems.
I've been waiting for the bus so long, someone just stapled a lost cat flyer to my chest.
I hate the part of the conversation where the other person says things.
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
It's two in the morning.  Do you know where your blankets are?
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
Sometimes when I reflect back on all the beer I drink I feel shamed. Then I look into the glass and think about the workers in the brewery and all of their hopes and dreams. If I didn't drink this beer, they might be out of work and their dreams would be shattered. Then I say to myself, "It is better that I drink this beer and let their dreams come true than be selfish and worry about my liver.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
Our family motto is "Who took my phone charger?"
If good things come in small packages, then more good things can come in large packages.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
Have hope for the future, but maybe build a bomb shelter anyway.
I've pre-planned my funeral to include a 32 minute montage of the times I've accidentally waved hello to someone waving to someone behind me.
Relationship status: Autocorrect changes my girl to my grill.
I return to work tomorrow with a child-like belief that 2017 is the year people will think at least twice before hitting Reply All.
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
If you enjoy arguing about lunches at 6 AM I can't recommend parenting highly enough.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.
You're about as much use as parallel lines of a railway track. The only difference is the railway tracks take people places and with the way you are, it's no wonder you always end up going nowhere in life.
How many light bulbs does it take to change people?
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Adult: Someone who has stopped growing at both ends and now grows in the middle.
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
It matters not whether you win or lose: what matters is whether I win or lose.
What has a head, a tail, and no body? A coin!
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
Q: How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  A: 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, "man, I could do that!"
Virginity is not dignity, but lack of opportunity.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
Whats does giving your sister head and light beer have in common? Even though it tastes the same, you still know something is very wrong.
Lite: the new way to spell "Light," now with 20% fewer letters!
They were the type of children who would kill both parents and make you feel sorry for them because they were orphans.
It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
If I get interviewed by a police sketch artists, my only goal will be to see how far I get before he realizes I'm making him draw a pirate.
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
When people don't make sense, listen to music. It always does.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
Cells multiply by dividing.
I'm rich; what am I supposed to do, hide it?
If someone is spitting behind you, it means you're in front.
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
In principle, I can stop drinking, the thing is – I don't have such a principle.
I don't need a reason to enjoy a little wine. I just need a glass.
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning.
If you have worked and didn't get anything, it means someone else got it.
You and Me = Grand Unification
If another woman steals your man, there's no better revenge than to let her keep him. Real men can't be stolen.
With my luck I'll probably be reincarnated as me.
She's so fat, she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, then soviet.
Some people are kind, polite, and sweet-spirited until you try to sit in their pews.
You are not even beneath my contempt.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
What does an Ethiopian family look like? A barcode.
Why did God give men penises? So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.
You must be a magnetic monopole because all I get from you is attraction.
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
You're more special than relativity.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where there are more women than men, it pays to recycle.
After the weekend the most difficult task is to remember names… 
What do you call a very small valentine? A valentiny. 
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
Dear men, if you stopped seeing your wife as a woman, it doesn't mean that all men are blind.
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
After 20 years of marriage, I still get blow jobs. If my wife finds out, she'll fucking kill me.
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
Multitasking: screwing up several things at once.
Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut. 
If mummies are from egypt, then where are daddies from?
A blonde heard that accidents happen close to home so she moved!
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
I childproofed the house… but they still get in!
If Google ever goes down and stays down, I'm fucked. I know four facts and they're all about elephants and I already forgot three of them.
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
What kind of flowers do you never give on Valentine's Day? Cauliflowers! 
Going for a walk because I want to stay healthy. Taking along a box of M&M's because let's be honest here.
I'm on the snake diet. It's the one where you lie on the floor all day, eat 25% of your body weight, and hiss at anyone who comes near you.
You seem like the kind of person who always tried to open the wrong side of the milk carton in grade school.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
Whats the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches and one watches cells.
Dear Lord: The gods have been good to me. For the first time in my life, everything is absolutely perfect just the way it is. So here's the deal: You freeze everything the way it is, and I won't ask for anything more. If that is OK, please give me absolutely no sign. OK, deal. In gratitude, I present you this offering of cookies and milk. If you want me to eat them for you, give me no sign. Thy will be done.
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPS LOCK? I ACCIDENTALLY TURNED IT ON YESTERDAY AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TURN IT BACK OFF. ALL MY FRIENDS ARE MAD BECAUSE THEY THINK I AM SHOUTING AT THEM OVER INTERNET. PLEASE HELP!!!
There are all types of love in this world but never the same love twice.
You're wrong! I touched second base. I missed third… but I touched second.
A man's idea of serious commitment is usually, "Oh alright, I'll stay the night."
The more pregnant I get, the more often strangers smile at me. Why? "Cause you're fatter than they are."
He can't decide whether to have his visor half open or half closed.
Time is at once the most valuable and most perishable of all our possessions.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
A sports expert is the guy who writes the best alibis for being wrong.
I took a course in speed waiting. Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.
I wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
Brains are wonderful, I wish everyone had one.
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
He died doing what he loved, checking his mentions while driving.
Glad I'm not a general, because auto-correct just changed "lunch order" to "launch order."
Sorry, I'm out of my mind at the moment, please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. 
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
I'm selling a parachute – just as new, used only one time, didn't open once.
It ain't the jeans that make your butt look fat.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't!
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Why is Valentine's Day the best day for a celebration? Because you can really party hearty! 
Q: How does a blonde turn the lights on in the morning? A: She opens the car door.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
You're so pretty, you could be in a beer commercial.
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Your forehead is so big you donated it to charity for shelter!
Real men don't cry…tears for real men are only unnecessary liquids in the body.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
Every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting.
Did you hear about the man who jumped off a bridge in France? He was in Sein.
An iron rule of a leader – make love to your wife in the morning and you will be the first.
Before the wedding I have loved all the women on earth, after the wedding one woman less.
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
If homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong.
If someone notices you with an open zipper, answer proudly: professional habit.
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart? Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small. 
I just let my mind wander, and it didn't come back.
When you try to prove to someone that something doesn't work, it will.
Why is air a lot like sex? Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
How to lose an argument with a woman: 1) Argue.
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
Love – is an extreme sympathy that leads to bed.
A warning shot into the head.
Which of Santa's reindeers needs to mind his manners the most? "Rude"olph 
Marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail.
There are smart men, handsome men, rich men, sexy men and sweet men and then there is the combination of all. We call that one a "unicorn"
Sex on tv can't hurt unless you fall off.
When you want to marry a beautiful, a smart and a rich woman – marry three times.
I'm so old I remember when water was free and you had to pay for porn.
How can you tell that you're getting old? You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
Miss Anders... I didn't recognise you with your clothes on.
Keep honking. I'm reloading.
There's a pigeon walking up the driveway. I don't care what he wants. I'm not answering the door.
Kids asked if they could do something & I said yes so my wife lowered my security clearance & now I'm not authorized to make those decisions
That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...
I fell in love at first sight. I should have looked twice.
It's uncomfortable when the neighbor's kids look like you.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa? Santa stopped at 3 ho's.
Don't put a question mark where God put a period. 
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
My voicemail message is just instructions on how to send a text message with brief pauses filled with heavy sighing.
Sorry I just saw your text from last night, are you guys still at the restaurant.
The Buddhist Mafia is called Karma.
What is the best evidence that Microsoft has a monopoly? Santa Claus had to switch from Chimneys to Windows.
It takes two to lie... One to lie and one to listen...
Only an ass can be divided in half.
I was so sad and crying when I lost my playstation 3 but unfortunately, there was nobody to console me!
Why does a blonde wear green lipstick? Because red means Stop.
Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
How can you tell soap operas are fictional? In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed. 
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it? 
What is a blonde's favorite color? Glitter.
When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broke up, I think it's time you kept your promise!
My birth certificate was a letter of apology that my dad got from the condom company…
What is the difference betwen a blonde and a Lamborghini? You don't let your friends borrow your Lamborghini.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
When he proposed to her. She found it very engaging.
Back in my day, we didn't watch TV while we ate dinner. We actually talked to each other. It was awful.
I am not an alcoholic. I simply enjoy living in liquid medium.
If you were a triangle youd be acute one.
Doggies just call it style.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
I need to stop drinking so much milk. It's an udder disgrace.
Sit down, give your mind a rest - it obviously needs it.
That awesome moment when you open the fridge and the first thing you see is the thing you wanted to eat.
Silence doesn't mean your sexual performance left her speechless.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
How many more times are my kids going to ask me if I know where something is before they realize they're asking the wrong parent?
Men will brag that there are women waiting by the phone at this very moment for their call. Who are these women? Women working at 900 numbers.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Let's convert our potential energy into kinetic energy.
You was sent back to earth from hell becasuse the devil choked on your soul.
Mothers with teenagers know why animals eat their young.
Do you know what the square root of 69 is? Ate something. (8.xxxxxxx....)
Women are cursed, and men are the proof.
If it ain't broke, I haven't borrowed it yet.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Want to dance? Or should I go to hell again?
Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals!
Why do men become smarter during sex? Because they are plugged into a genius.
My colleague can no longer attend next weeks Innuendo Seminar so I have to fill her slot instead.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because your backside is refreshing.
The only time a woman wishes that she were a year older is when she is expecting a baby. 
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable? Because it's all heart. 
Just got a booty call from life, apparently it still wants to keep fucking me.
He: So then, what's your sign? She: Dollar. 
If you can't buy a person, you can always sell him.
How do we not know what women want yet? There are tons of conflicting lists all over the internet.
I became a vegetarian – switched to weed.
I would tell you a joke about my shoe but I think I shoedn't.
The dogs bark but the caravan moves on.
I worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door, who do you let in first? The dog, of course. He'll shut up once you let him in.
Which part of the Bible won't you find a black man? The Book of Job.
Me: *sneaks out of the house* *drives to another state* *hides in a cave* *quietly opens a bag of chips* My kids: Can we have some?
I didn't know angels could fly so low.
Wanna play guns? Bend over and I'll cock you.
The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously.
I feel like Tampax – at a good place, but wrong time…
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
I thought you'd be flattered that my dog found your leg so attractive.
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex? Because they have cotton balls.
What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream? "I'm sweet on you!" 
What travels around the world but stays in one corner? A stamp. 
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
Do you need space? Join NASA!
The best contraceptive for old people is nudity. 
There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before marriage and after marriage.
When I was young I did stupid things because I didn't know any better. Now I know better and do stupid things because I miss being young.
Thanks honey for rolling over at 3am and telling me I should get some sleep.  In my insomnia stupor that hadn't crossed my mind.
If the answer to all questions is yes, so why not?
Sometimes I think I am a bad mother because I don't like wine.
Coldplay is like depression you can hear.
We've heard that ignorance of maths is growing geometrically, whatever that means.
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once.
If someone ever intimidates you, remember that they're 70% water. Are you scared of water? Well you should be. 400,000 people drown per year.
What's six inches long that women love? Folding money.
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken. 
Why'd the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong pair of socks.
What is the difference between a battery and a woman? A battery has a positive side.
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off.
Smaller babies may be delivered by storks but the heavier ones would need a crane!
A wise man once said... Nothing, he only listened.
How do hens always know what size your egg cup is? They don't but all eggs always fit.
I park in the farthest spot possible at the gym for the added benefit of eating my croissan'wich without being judged by people walking by.
During sex, my girlfriend always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel.
What did the paper clip say to the magnet? I find you very attractive. 
I like kids, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.
Why does it take 100 million sperms to fertilize one egg? Because they won't stop to ask directions.
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
I would request a last meal of soda and pop rocks so I could die on my own terms.
I used to be in a band, we were called 'lost dog'. You probably saw our posters.
Everyone can find one person or three cats waiting for him.
It's so cold outside, I actually saw a gangster pull his pants up.
One head is ok, but a whole body is much better.
It is said that, a way to a man's heart goes through a stomach. Aha…you might think that men go to their lovers to eat some soup.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
This must be the 8th castle because I just found my princess.
May you never leave your marriage alive.
People who wait 4 hours to reply to my text with "lol" should be shot.
Why do vegetarians give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts!
I've learned that the people you care most about in life are taken from you too soon and all the less important ones just never go away.
My track record as an adult is mostly false starts, hurdles and running around in a circle.
My "it's cold outside" post just went viral on Facebook.
Haven't seen any UFOs lately. Wondering if the galaxy is downsizing their space programs too.
‘A pedigree bulldog missing. Founders – rest in peace.'
Hello, you've reached 1-800-NARCISSIST, how can you help me?
I'm an adult. I don't cry over spilt milk unless it has coffee in it.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
The truth is out there; it just hasn't been indexed well.
Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?
A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?
If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
He slapped his two inches on the doctors desk. The doctor said "What is wrong with it?" "It's swollen."
I'm ready to start a family, in the sense that I have enough chip clips for 6 people.
I'm not sure if this woman in the Starbucks line ahead of me is ordering a drink or casting a spell.
If a short psychic broke out of jail, then you'd have a small medium at large.
My drinking team has a bowling problem.
Why did the students eat their homework? Because the teacher said that it was a piece of cake.
And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.
Men live better than women. First of all, they get married later and secondly, they die earlier.
How does a black chick tell if she's pregnant? When she pulls the tampon out, all the cotton is already picked.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish.
What do you call a black with no arms? Trustworthy.
Tomorrow is a big day for me at work. They are refilling the snack vending machine.
Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired...or when she's rested.
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
Why are men like blenders? You need one, but you're not quite sure why.
Can someone just invent a mirror that takes pictures already!
I never ask my kids to call me, I just change the Netflix password and then don't respond to their texts.
What's the difference between a female lawyer and a pitbull terrier? Lipstick!
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
"Tired" isn't even a temporary state for me anymore it's more like a part of my personality at this point.
I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, "No, one drag is enough."
What's a man's idea of a balanced diet? Beer in each hand!
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well, I was amazed, I never knew they worked.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
My teen sent my call directly to voicemail on the phone she used to have.
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
My five year plan? I don't even have a five minute plan.
In 20 years, I bet there's going to be a college course called eye contact.
I'm a prince in Lagos, Nigeria and I want you to help me move $500 million out of the country.
Facebook is telling me to "reconnect" with my brother...hmmm, I see him everyday
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies.
My doctor told me I needed to break a sweat once a day so I told him I'd start lying to my wife.
If the fortune has turned her back on you, you can do whatever you want behind her back.
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, "Is this some kind of joke?"
‘Do you know if pigs have periods?' ‘Are you kidding me? What idiot would keep a pig until she's 14?'
A genius lives in every one of us. Each day more and more heavily…
Nowadays, most of the children dream about an IPhone, when I was a child – I wanted a dog.
What's a man's definition of a romantic evening? Sex.
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
My wine drinking is merely functional... My personality is better with a little marinade.
Don't worry guys, my wife just turned the car radio down so we shouldn't be lost much longer.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
I'm not racist, my shadow is black. 
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
Why did the student study in an airplane? He wanted a higher education! 
Love is one long sweet dream... and marriage is the alarm clock.
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
Sometimes I feel like a man trapped in a woman's marriage.
What do you call a man having a seizure in a pile of leaves? Russell.
Intimacy is selfish: into me see.
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
There are two kinds of people who don't say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
What is a ram's favorite song on February 14th? I only have eyes for ewe, dear 
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg.
Why do men like love at first sight? Because he knows it's all over as soon as she opens her mouth.
If there's a hardship greater than putting cheese on a cracker and having it break before it gets into your mouth I've not heard of it.
What is a zebra? 26 sizes larger than an "A" bra.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a big rock.
I love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
My dad finally left me a voicemail where  he didn't introduce himself. I think we're getting closer.
My kid just called Child Protective Services because he still has an iPhone 5S.
The best part about working in an office is that if you ever forget that you got a haircut, someone will definitely point it out to you.
What do men and women have in common? They both distrust men.
Since my girlfriend discovered out the eyeroll and tongue sticking emojis she doesn't have to type words anymore.
According to a new survey, women say they feel more comfortable undressing in front of men than they do undressing in front of other women. They say that women are too judgmental, where, of course, men are just grateful.
Another World's Oldest Man has died. This is beginning to look suspicious.
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy? The blonde has the higher sperm count.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
How is a man like the weather? Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
What's the difference between purple and pink? The grip. 
What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
Muy Picante: What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeño business!
Our WIFI was down yesterday and I spent 45 minutes trying to fix it. Our dishwasher has been broken for 3 weeks and I haven't even touched it.
What's the definition of a Yankee? Same thing as a "quickie", only you do it yourself.
Maths and Girls are the most complicated things, but Maths at least has some logic.
It is better to be on seventh heaven, rather than on the seventh month.
Did Adam and Eve ever have a date? No, but they had an Apple. 
Why are there so many old people in Church? They're cramming for the final.
I used to drink all brands of beer. Now, I am older Budweiser!
Transitional age is when during a hot day you don't know what you want – ice cream or beer.
Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful to have a job. I just wish it wasn't THIS job.
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
Ninety two percent of cross-eyed teachers have difficulty controlling their pupils.
I disapprove of every conspiracy of which I am not a part.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
When decorating your tween daughter's room, don't forget to leave ample space for half the glasses in your kitchen.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
How do you make a black nervous? Take him to an auction.
Lets unzip our genes and see if we can share codes together.
What do you give the blonde that has everything? Penicillin.
Your baby looks the same as it did yesterday. *Me, commenting on a Facebook picture.*
Q: What do you call a bench full of white people? A: The MLB.
What does NAACP stand for? National Association of Apes Called People.
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student? Because education pays off in the long run!  
I'm trying to get on your good side, but I haven't found it yet.
Nobody works harder than a drunk person trying to carefully whisper a secret.
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
Why do the Scottish wear kilts? Because a sheep can hear a zipper from like a mile away.
